Item → Dirt
Item → Yep, it's dirt.

Item → Lava
Item → DO NOT TOUCH!

Item → Main Door
Item → No info.

Item → Bedrock
Item → No info.

Item → Rock
Item → I don't feel like I should have to explain what a rock is to you.

Item → Door
Item → These magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Cave Background
Item → Technically, this is also Dirt, it's just dirt that's farther away.

Item → Grass
Item → I love the smell of freshly punched Grass in the morning!

Item → Fist
Item → Nothing can stand against the power of the FIST.

Item → Sign
Item → Write stuff on it to tell your friends! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Daisy
Item → Bellis Perennis, the common European daisy.

Item → Pointy Sign
Item → This sign includes a bit of added information - an arrow!  The arrow points whichever direction you are facing when you place the sign.

Item → Crappy Sign
Item → This is not the greatest sign, but it'll do in a pinch.

Item → Danger Sign
Item → Use this sign to warn your friends of terrible space monkeys.

Item → Dungeon Door
Item → This works like a regular door, but it looks much more medieval.

Item → Wrench
Item → The amazing tool that can modify Doors, Signs, Time-Space Ruptures, and more. You can't lose it!

Item → Shades
Item → The future's so bright, you need these.

Item → Green Shirt
Item → Your basic green shirt.

Item → Tuxedo
Item → Look like a penguin!

Item → Brown Shoes
Item → Standard loafers. They're actually the wrong size, but what're you gonna do?

Item → Boots
Item → For when you have serious work to do.

Item → Red Hair
Item → A big red pompadour.

Item → Baseball Cap
Item → Support your favorite team! As long as your favorite team is team B!

Item → Jeans
Item → Denim is the strongest fiber known to man.

Item → Sexy Boxers
Item → Ooh la la.

Item → Wooden Background
Item → Tons of planks. A plank ton.

Item → Window
Item → A piece of glass with a frame.

Item → Glass Pane
Item → Just your basic piece of glass.

Item → Wooden Window
Item → You can see out of it, except for the wooden parts.

Item → Portcullis
Item → Lock out the ruffians with this medieval gateway.

Item → Boombox
Item → If you had a piece of cardboard, you could breakdance in front of it. Cardboard and bendable limbs.

Item → Olde Timey Radio
Item → When this song is over, we can listen to the latest serial adventures!

Item → Top Hat
Item → Contains no rabbits.

Item → Brown Hair
Item → Brown hair comes in many styles, and this is one of them.

Item → Spikey Hair
Item → You blonde rebel.

Item → Afro
Item → Extra poofy!

Item → Ski Cap
Item → Keeps your head warm!

Item → Black Pants
Item → Matches any clothing!

Item → Patent Leather Shoes
Item → Shiny!

Item → Ruby Slippers
Item → There's no place like Growtopia!

Item → Green Skirt
Item → Exactly long enough to be appropriate for all occasions.

Item → Green Blouse
Item → An ordinary blouse in kelly green.

Item → Purple Thong
Item → Extremely scandalous!

Item → Purple Bikini Top
Item → Scandalous!

Item → Blonde Bombshell
Item → Gorgeous blonde locks tumbling over your sensual shoulders and around your square head.

Item → Briefcase
Item → Contains nuclear launch codes, but you don't know the combination to open it.

Item → Sword
Item → Razor-sharp, and yet you kindly choose not to cut anything with it.

Item → Just One Boxing Glove
Item → You only get one, but it still lets you punch people harder!

Item → Pickaxe
Item → Smash through bricks slightly faster!

Item → Wood Block
Item → A solid chunk of Bolivian Manzanita, polished to a mirror sheen.

Item → Wooden Platform
Item → The great thing about these is that you can jump up through them!

Item → Rock Background
Item → Rock n' roll, brother.

Item → Toilet
Item → Punch to flush!

Item → Painting: Yerfdog
Item → Monet's lost masterpiece.

Item → Painting: Dink Duck
Item → An oil painting commissioned to commemorate the 15th anniversary of Dink Smallwood!

Item → Gems
Item → No info.

Item → Disco Ball
Item → Disco will never die.

Item → Bricks
Item → Your basic building material.

Item → Brick Background
Item → These bricks are slightly farther away than the other Bricks.

Item → Mystery Block
Item → What could possibly be inside this block!?!? Gems, that's what.

Item → Red Riding Hood
Item → The perfect hood for when you're riding something red.

Item → Red Coat
Item → Protects you from the rain. Less effective against disguised wolves.

Item → Devil Horns
Item → Use this on somebody who's been evil!

Item → Golden Halo
Item → Use this on somebody who's been good!

Item → Hot Head
Item → YOUR HEAD IS ON FIRE!

Item → Brainwave Capacitor
Item → Any medical benefits of the Brainwave Capacitor have not been verified by the FDA.

Item → TV Head
Item → Wait, is that TV still on?

Item → Fairy Crown
Item → You're the Queen of the Fairies!

Item → Cyclopean Visor
Item → With this visor on, you can zap things instead of punching. It does slightly less damage, but has longer range.

Item → Biker Stache
Item → Looks tough.

Item → Shallot Mustache
Item → Just the mustache you need to review movies with!

Item → X-Ray Specs
Item → These allow your character to see through the other characters' clothes. It does NOT allow you, the player, to do so.

Item → Gold-Rimmed Glasses
Item → More expensive than most glasses.

Item → Big Glasses
Item → Make sure you get the right prescription.

Item → Fairy Dress
Item → Fairly dressy.

Item → Fairy Skirt
Item → For that Tinkerbell style.

Item → Fairy Slippers
Item → Sparkly shoes!

Item → Fairy Wings
Item → With a pair of wings, you can double-jump!

Item → Fairy Wand
Item → Unfortunately, all the magic in this wand is used up.

Item → Jetpack
Item → It doesn't have enough thrust to actually fly, but it does let you jump really high!

Item → Death Spikes
Item → The deadliest kind of spikes available. Do not touch!

Item → Grey Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Black Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → White Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Orange Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Aqua Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Purple Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Brown Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Steel Block
Item → The sturdiest of blocks.

Item → Poppy
Item → Pretty orange flowers.

Item → Rose
Item → Every one of these has its thorn.

Item → Bush
Item → Nicely landscaped!

Item → Mushroom
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Blueberry
Item → Careful with these, they'll stain! Throw it at a player to turn him blue for an hour.

Item → Flowery Wallpaper
Item → If you don't like it, you can always steam it off later.

Item → Stripey Wallpaper
Item → Modern and stylish.

Item → Small Lock
Item → Locks 10 tiles around itself.

Item → Big Lock
Item → Locks 48 tiles around itself.

Item → Huge Lock
Item → Locks 200 tiles around itself.

Item → Burglar Mask
Item → Nobody will recognize you if you cover an inch of skin around your eyes!

Item → Referee Shirt
Item → Referees and burglars have similar fashion sense.

Item → Froghat
Item → It's like a frog ate your head.

Item → Flashlight
Item → It takes D batteries, and nobody ever has any D batteries! (Note: no actual batteries required.)

Item → Rooster Hat
Item → Cock-a-doodle-doo!

Item → Wooden Chair
Item → Legs getting tired? Have a seat!

Item → Note Block
Item → Rockin' 8-bit tunes.

Item → Wooden Table
Item → Stack a bunch of these in a row to make a table as long as you want!

Item → House Entrance
Item → It's like a wall, except your friends can come in!

Item → Signal Jammer
Item → When activated (punch to activate), this prevents your world from being listed on the World Select screen.

Item → Grow Spray Fertilizer
Item → Spray a tree to grow it an hour faster.

Item → Bathtub
Item → Punch it to take a very quick shower!

Item → White Beard
Item → Does this make me look old?

Item → Santa Hat
Item → Ho ho ho!

Item → Santa Pants
Item → Does anybody else wear red pants with white cuffs?

Item → Santa Vest
Item → Celebrate the holidays in style.

Item → Sack O' Joy
Item → Share your joy! Wearing this makes you scatter your gems around as you move.

Item → World Lock
Item → Locks an entire world. If you have 100 World Locks, you can tap them in your inventory to combine them into a Diamond Lock. It does the same thing, but it's shinier.

Item → UPDATE_STORE
Item → No info.

Item → Music Box
Item → Guaranteed to put you to sleep.

Item → Evil Bricks
Item → Do not look directly at Evil Bricks.

Item → Asbestos Boots
Item → Protects you from lava, reducing the damage by 50%.

Item → Cuzco Wall Mount
Item → Cuzco was a good goat.

Item → Robot Wants Dubstep
Item → Robot sure is greedy. Punch him to provide the Dubstep he seeks.

Item → Saturday Night Vest
Item → Chest hair, gold chains, white vest. Disco lives.

Item → White Bellbottoms
Item → Hello, sailor!

Item → Golden Block
Item → Just think how valuable this would be in real life.

Item → Crystal Block
Item → The mysterious rarity 100 item!

Item → Picket Fence
Item → Put it around your house, and live out the American Dream!

Item → Long Black Hair
Item → Stylish, yes?

Item → Purple Mohawk
Item → Cool.

Item → Messy Brown Hair
Item → If there was a Comb item, you wouldn't be stuck with this.

Item → Long Brown Hair
Item → Hair, both brown and long.

Item → Freeze Wand
Item → Use this on someone to freeze them solid for 10 seconds.

Item → Fire Wand
Item → Use this on someone to MURDER THEM.

Item → Curse Wand
Item → You're on the HIGHWAY TO HELL!! (For 10 minutes)

Item → Bed
Item → Is this even big enough to hold a Growtopian? Doesn't matter since you can't lay down!

Item → Polka Dot Block
Item → Everybody loves polka dots!

Item → Checker Wallpaper
Item → It's black, it's white, yeah yeah yeah.

Item → Fireplace
Item → Stay warm on those cold Growtopia nights. You can punch this to turn it on or off.

Item → Snorkel
Item → The trick is putting liquid soap inside the snorkel!

Item → Ninja Mask
Item → The essence of the shadows lurks within this mask. Put it on to cloak your entire body.

Item → Ninja Tights
Item → Before these were invented, Ninjas wore corduroy pants, but their prey could always hear them coming.

Item → Ninja Vest
Item → Shadows cloak your form as you slip behind the walls.

Item → Ninja Slippers
Item → Ninjas know how to stay comfortable while assassinating people.

Item → The Darkness
Item → I'm attacking the darkness with my Magic Missile!

Item → Rubber Ducky
Item → Makes bathtime lots of fun! Punch it to make it quack.

Item → Checkered Pajamas
Item → Don't be embarrassed to play Growtopia in your pajamas. Other players are wearing Fairy Wings.

Item → Tie Dyed Shirt
Item → You filthy hippy!

Item → Rainbow Wig
Item → Be the life of the party!

Item → Rainbow Block
Item → For when you can't choose just one color block!

Item → Monocle
Item → The very pinnacle of class is having good vision in only one eye.

Item → Pirate Hat
Item → Avast ye, mateys.

Item → Eyepatch
Item → It's reversible! Swap it from eye to eye by pressing left or right.

Item → Peg Leg
Item → Nothing is quite as piratey as amputated limbs!

Item → Diamond Ring
Item → The perfect gift to ask that special someone if they'll marry you.

Item → Cannon
Item → Punch this to fire it. Don't worry, it's loaded with blanks.

Item → High Tech Wall
Item → Well, it looks pretty advanced!

Item → High Tech Block
Item → This block can hold 4.6 petabytes of data, but has no ports of any kind to access it.

Item → Magic Bacon Wallpaper
Item → We had some leftover Magic Bacon, so we made it into wallpaper!

Item → Bubble Wrap
Item → Everybody loves to pop Bubble Wrap! Just walk in front of it to pop it. Unlike the real thing, this will un-pop in 10 seconds.

Item → Cactus
Item → A dangerously sharp plant! Do not touch.

Item → Sandstone
Item → Your basic building block.

Item → Art Wall
Item → It doesn't look like much alone, but it changes color when you punch it. Draw stuff!

Item → Stone Wall
Item → Classic fieldstone wall, stylish and sturdy.

Item → Das Red Balloon
Item → Everyone's a Captain Kirk.  Use this to make somebody float up in the air briefly!

Item → Chandelier
Item → The classiest way to light a room!

Item → Lovely Pink Dress
Item → Isn't it lovely?

Item → Fishnet Stockings
Item → Do you really have the legs for these?

Item → Monster Feet
Item → Not made from the feet of actual monsters, these are just rubber.

Item → Hoop Earrings
Item → They're like rings, but for your ears!

Item → Heroman Cape
Item → HEROMAN HO!

Item → Lollipop
Item → You found this on the ground, so best just to not lick it.

Item → Viking Helmet
Item → There is no evidence that Vikings ever wore helmets with horns. They would have if they had thought of it, though!

Item → Pigtails
Item → Marcia Marcia Marcia!

Item → Cloudstone Block
Item → Cloudstone is very rare, because it tends to fall out of the sky and just become Stonestone.

Item → Dreamstone Block
Item → Forged from the dreams of children on Christmas Eve. And marble. Like 90% marble.

Item → Angel Wings
Item → Better than a Halo, these will actually let you double jump!

Item → Diaper
Item → If you find yourself lost in a world without any Toilet Seeds, you'll be glad you have this.

Item → Heartbow
Item → Once used by Cupid himself, this bow shoots hearts! You can yank other players toward you with it.

Item → Mud Glob
Item → Splat somebody with this to slow them down!

Item → Cargo Shorts
Item → The pockets even have pockets in them!

Item → Stinky Socks
Item → Will you ever wash these?

Item → Tan Shirt
Item → Your basic tan shirt.

Item → Super Crate Box
Item → What's in the box!?  WHAT'S IN THE BOX?!

Item → Amber Glass
Item → Tinted glass for when the plain stuff just won't do.

Item → Lava Rock
Item → Not quite hot enough to hurt anybody, but it sure looks cool.

Item → Time-Space Rupture
Item → Nobody knows where you will emerge when you fall into one of these! Except whoever set the destination using the Wrench.

Item → Valentine
Item → Use this on somebody to make them your Valentine for an hour! They'll appreciate it greatly.

Item → Candy Heart
Item → Chalky goodness emblazoned with an incomprehensible slogan you can't help but shout.

Item → Perfume
Item → Spray this on someone to make them smell... distinctive.

Item → Heartstone Block
Item → This isn't actually solid Heartstone, it's just Heartstone-plated.  Kind of a letdown, really.

Item → Heartstone
Item → Smash it for Valentine's goodies! Every year the Golden Heart Crystal is locked in time and remains constant, appearing at the same frequency throughout the ages, while new items change and fade with the passage of time.

Item → Ultra Trophy 3000
Item → The best of all possible trophies.

Item → Ultra Trophy 3001
Item → One better than the Ultra Trophy 3000.

Item → Stove
Item → Is that turkey ever going to be finished cooking?

Item → Spatula
Item → Spatula city, spatula city, SPATULA CITY!

Item → Apron
Item → Kiss the chef.

Item → Chef Hat
Item → It's been signed by Gordon Ramsay!

Item → Blueberry Pie
Item → The most delicious incarnation of the humble blueberry.

Item → Duct Tape
Item → SHUT UP ALREADY.

Item → Checkpoint
Item → If you die, you'll respawn at the last Checkpoint you touched!

Item → Sheet Music: Blank
Item → This doesn't really do much by itself!

Item → Sheet Music: Bass Note
Item → If you aren't in range of a Boombox, this will play a bass note for you. Put it in different places for different pitches.

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Bass
Item → This plays a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Bass Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Bass
Item → This plays a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Bass Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Piano Note
Item → If you aren't in range of a Boombox, this will play a piano note for you. Put it in different places for different pitches.

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Piano
Item → This plays a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Piano Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Piano
Item → This plays a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Piano Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Drums
Item → There are 7 different drums, place this at different positions vertically to hear different ones!

Item → Race Start Flag
Item → Starts a race timer. Get to a Race End Flag to record your time!

Item → Race End Flag
Item → A player touching this will finish a race started at a Race Start Flag, and their time will be announced.

Item → Blue Star Wallpaper
Item → Vaguely inspired by Vincent Van Gogh!

Item → Sandstone Wall
Item → Lovely beige bricks.

Item → Wall Like An Egyptian
Item → Unfortunately, nobody knows the correct translation of these ancient symbols.

Item → Plumbing
Item → Standard steel pipes, slightly too small for you to climb into.

Item → Ice
Item → Slippery, yet strangely not melting.

Item → Sand
Item → Is it a desert or a beach? You decide!

Item → Fishbowl
Item → If there's a fish in there, he's hiding in the castle.

Item → Poodle Skirt
Item → Just the thing to wear to the sock hop!

Item → Backpack
Item → No, it doesn't increase your carrying capacity.

Item → Space Helmet
Item → Did you just stick a fishbowl on your head?

Item → Plate Mail
Item → Get all dressed up for the Renaissance Faire!

Item → Venus Guytrap
Item → This is what happens when you give a flower a taste for magic bacon!

Item → Dice Block
Item → Punch it to roll a random number!

Item → Dresser
Item → This would be a great place to store your clothes! Too bad the drawers are stuck.

Item → Table Lamp
Item → You don't actually need light in this game, but you can get it anyway!

Item → Fedora
Item → You look sharp, kid! Sponsored by i20HH.

Item → Dame's Fedora
Item → You're a real firecracker, I tells ya! You're one feisty dame!

Item → Pinstripe Suit
Item → There's a hanky in the pocket in case you /cry on the auspicious occasion of your daughter's wedding.

Item → Pinstripe Pants
Item → Beautifully tailored with a sleek, slim leg, this pinstripe pant is utterly flattering and entirely appropriate for workday, weekend or wherever the evening takes you.

Item → Cigar
Item → Surgeon General's Warning: Secondhand smoke can make you go :P.

Item → Tommygun
Item → Fully automatic firepower to give them coppers what-for!

Item → Flapper Headband
Item → You'll be the star of the speakeasy in this getup.

Item → Flapper Dress
Item → Dance the night away in this short dress that is clearly the bee's knees.

Item → Art Deco Block
Item → I don't know what this looks like actually, but it kind of looks nice, doesn't it? You'll find a place to use it!

Item → Victrola
Item → When Olde Timey Radio is too modern, try a classic Victrola for some jazzy tunes!

Item → Big Old Sideways Arrow
Item → It points the way to whatever you want it to!

Item → Big Old Up Arrow
Item → It points the way to stuff above you!

Item → Big Old Down Arrow
Item → It points the way to stuff below you!

Item → Blue Wristband
Item → This serves some sort of exercise purpose.

Item → Blue Headband
Item → Keep the sweat out of your eyes!

Item → Red Sportsball Jersey
Item → Now you are ready to play for the home team! Or the away team! Go team!

Item → Red Sweatpants
Item → Good for both joggers and mobsters.

Item → Air Robinsons
Item → Special air pockets and coils in the soles of these shoes make them... cost more. But they do make you run faster!

Item → Hippie Sandals
Item → Leave only footprints.

Item → Pastel Pants
Item → It's like springtime all up in your business!

Item → Pastel Suit
Item → The finest in televangelist couture.

Item → Bunny Mask
Item → You're not much of a bunny without big ears, but it's a start.

Item → Bunny Ears
Item → Any hearing improvements imparted by this hat are negated by the fact that it covers your actual ears.

Item → Wicker Basket
Item → This basket is filled with plastic grass for some reason.

Item → Pastel Pink Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Pastel Orange Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Pastel Yellow Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Pastel Green Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Pastel Aqua Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Pastel Blue Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Pastel Purple Block
Item → A paler shade of awesome.

Item → Bunny Tail
Item → I'm concerned about how you're holding this in place.

Item → Pinball Bumper
Item → Bouncy bouncy bounce!

Item → Lucky Clover
Item → Stick this in your ear to become super lucky and partially deaf!

Item → Orange Beard
Item → Like Santa Claus, but with more Vitamin C!

Item → Leprechaun Hat
Item → There's a four-leaf clover jammed in the band! But all the luck in it has been used up already.

Item → Green Pants
Item → I used to wear green jeans myself, until somebody made fun of them. Never again!

Item → Leprechaun Suit
Item → You don't have to be a leprechaun to wear a green suit with gold trim - don't believe the hype!

Item → Leprechaun Shoes
Item → These are very hard on your toes.

Item → Green Beer
Item → The green dye used in this beer was outlawed in 43 states. Take a drink and find out why!

Item → Pot O' Gold
Item → An entire pot filled with gold!!

Item → Orange Portal
Item → You monster!

Item → Blue Portal
Item → Step through it. There is cake on the other side.

Item → Glass Block
Item → People inside this should not throw stones.

Item → Bookcase
Item → Someone glued all these books down!

Item → Secret Passage
Item → Looks like a Wood Block, but your friends can come in!

Item → Ladder
Item → This is a specially designed one-way ladder - you can only climb up, not down.

Item → Grey Wallpaper
Item → It's a Grey Block squashed flat!

Item → Red Wallpaper
Item → It's a Red Block squashed flat!

Item → Orange Wallpaper
Item → It's an Orange Block squashed flat!

Item → Yellow Wallpaper
Item → It's a Yellow Block squashed flat!

Item → Green Wallpaper
Item → It's a Green Block squashed flat!

Item → Aqua Wallpaper
Item → It's an Aqua Block squashed flat!

Item → Blue Wallpaper
Item → It's a Blue Block squashed flat!

Item → Purple Wallpaper
Item → It's a Purple Block squashed flat!

Item → Phonecats Hat
Item → The one and only!

Item → Turtle Hat
Item → Turtle Hat would definitely never sue anybody, because he's totally original.

Item → Baneful Mask
Item → Express your wrath with this evil mask. Sponsored by i20HH.

Item → Rollback Plaque
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. Feb 2013

Item → Happy Joy Plaque
Item → It's much happier, but much less rare, than a Rollback Plaque.

Item → Wizard Hat
Item → Wizard Hats come in 5 classic styles, collect them all!

Item → Witch Hat
Item → Wizard Hats come in 5 classic styles, collect them all!

Item → Merlin Hat
Item → Wizard Hats come in 5 classic styles, collect them all! This one is an officially licensed copy of the one Merlin himself wore (it's not signed or anything, though).

Item → Funk Wizard Hat
Item → Wizard Hats come in 5 classic styles, collect them all!

Item → Cursed Wizard Hat
Item → Wizard Hats come in 5 classic styles, collect them all! Too bad this style is CURSED!!

Item → Tiny Horsie
Item → It's possible this is actually a dachshund, but you can still ride it! It's faster than walking.

Item → Elvish Longbow
Item → This is the very weapon once used by Aeldrinn Zindeltwarp to defeat the Slaarn Hordes in the battle of Fizzletree Gulch!

Item → Treasure Chest
Item → Store your treasures inside by dropping them! When it's closed, the items are hidden. Punch to open it.

Item → Dragon Gate
Item → Punch it to open or shut it. Anyone unlucky enough to be caught inside when it closes becomes dragon chow.

Item → Wizard's Robe
Item → These are usually only worn by the highest rank of wizards. For you, we'll make an exception.

Item → GrowBeats Headphones
Item → There's some seriously kickin' beats going on in there, but you can't hear it, because they're headphones. Sponsored by JakeShore, ADMex1, and RovSpy.

Item → Golden Sword
Item → This ancient blade is forged of purest gold. Which means it's really really dull, and quite easy to bend.

Item → Barrel
Item → An excellent place to shoot fish.

Item → Tavern Sign
Item → It's a sign that sticks to walls or ceilings! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Bunny Egg
Item → Think of it as a seed, only magic. If you plant it, you can use more Magic Eggs on it to grow it bigger and bigger. Break it anytime for a surprise! You can also splice it... but with what?

Item → Lattice Background
Item → Perfect for building gazebos.

Item → Rotten Egg
Item → Throw it at somebody to make them stink!

Item → Cuddly Bunny
Item → Toss one to someone you love. Who wouldn't like a cuddly rabbit?

Item → Psychotic Bunny
Item → It's got a vicious streak a mile wide! Share it with your... friends?

Item → Copper Plumbing
Item → This copper piping is both smaller and farther away than the green Plumbing.

Item → Steel Girder
Item → This is the best place to superglue a hardhat.

Item → Pinball Sproinger
Item → SPROOOOOOOING

Item → Tangram Block A
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block B
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block C
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block D
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block E
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block F
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block G
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block H
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block I
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block J
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block K
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Tangram Block L
Item → Draw black and white pictures with the wondrous power of the tangram!

Item → Chalkboard
Item → You could take roll on this, except that somebody glued the chalk to the tray.

Item → School Desk
Item → So uncomfortable you refuse to even sit in it!

Item → Red Bricks
Item → Your basic old-school building material.

Item → Mailbox
Item → You've got mail! People can write you private messages with this.

Item → Bulletin Board
Item → Lets people communicate by leaving messages to each other.

Item → Letter
Item → Who needs email? The old ways are best!

Item → Baseball Bat
Item → It's peanut butter jelly time!

Item → Swiss Cheese Block
Item → It's holier than thou.

Item → Granite Block
Item → The classy way to decorate with rock!

Item → Marble Block
Item → The MOST classy way to decorate with rock!

Item → Pencil
Item → It's too big to write with!

Item → Growtopia Lunchbox
Item → Hey, it's the guy from the game icon! Carry your lunch inside.

Item → Grey Hair Bun
Item → Makes you look like a librarian.

Item → Apple
Item → This keeps doctors away for up to 24 hours!

Item → Crimson Eagle Wings
Item → Soar on the wings of a crimson eagle! Sponsored by Morphieus.

Item → Grimstone
Item → The bleakest of stones.

Item → Blackrock Wall
Item → This dark stone is the latest in dungeon couture.

Item → Iron Bars
Item → Hello Dad, I'm in jail!

Item → Jail Door
Item → You don't need a spoon to dig out, just open this.

Item → Skeleton
Item → Ew, it's a dead guy.

Item → Headsman's Axe
Item → Heads are gonna roll...

Item → Iron Mask
Item → When duct tape just won't cut it, we lock you in a tower with this on your face.

Item → Worthless Rags
Item → You look like a sad little muppet.

Item → Torch
Item → Keeps the dank out in your dungeons! Well, it reduces it slightly. You can punch this to turn it on or off.

Item → Meow Ears
Item → Super-special kitty ears, now yours to wear! Once only for a select few, meow yours to wear with pride!

Item → Sombrero
Item → Aqui esta el sombrero.  El sombrero es muy bien.

Item → Poncho
Item → It's like you threw a blanket in the washing machine along with a bag of Skittles.

Item → Desperado Mustache
Item → Good for twirling when you are tying somebody to a railroad.

Item → Flamenco Dress
Item → To help you /dance with class.

Item → Hibiscus Hair
Item → Someone told me there's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair.

Item → Fiesta Sombrero
Item → Take the fiesta with you everywhere you go!

Item → Habanero Pepper
Item → Caution: This is one seriously hot pepper!

Item → Olmec Head
Item → The Olmec people were known for two things: giant stone heads... and PARTYING DOWN!

Item → Adobe Block
Item → Adobe is a fantastic material for building both sturdy housing and Flash games.

Item → Ultra Pinata
Item → This is summoned by the Pinata Bash event, it's not an item a player can use.

Item → Pinata
Item → Put this on top of a bunch of items you want to give away.  Once placed, anybody can break it and get the items!

Item → Pinata Whistle
Item → Call your friends, then blow the whistle for a Piñata Bash! It's impossible to bash a pinata by yourself, so seriously CALL YOUR FRIENDS first, or you'll waste your whistle!

Item → Stinky Bucket
Item → I don't know why you would stick a bucket that smells on your head, but it has eyeholes in it, so it's not useful as a bucket! Sponsored by Stinkbuckets.

Item → Acid
Item → DO NOT TOUCH ALSO!!

Item → Clouds
Item → Believe it or not, you're walking on air!

Item → Hammer Pants
Item → Alternatively, harem girl pants.  Think of them however you like.

Item → Ban Wand
Item → Use this on someone to ban them for 10 minutes.

Item → Cybernetic Arm
Item → KILL ALL HUMANS.  Or just kill rocks - the Cybernetic Arm is superior to a human arm at all digging functions. Sponsored by i20HH.

Item → Play Wings
Item → Super special wings that are only for Play!

Item → Lokster Hair
Item → Slick n' greasy, and nobody but Lokster can wear it.

Item → Neon Lights
Item → Get your name up in lights!

Item → Card Block - Spade
Item → Let's call a spade a spade.

Item → Card Block - Club
Item → Join the club, man.

Item → Card Block - Heart
Item → Have a heart!

Item → Card Block - Diamond
Item → Diamonds are forever!

Item → Rabbit's Foot
Item → If you rub this, it will vanish and you will become lucky for half an hour!

Item → Flipping Coin
Item → Flip the coin and see what you get!  What you won't get is your coin back.

Item → Gambler's Visor
Item → Ever wondered where these come from? Early incandescent lights were very harsh, so this dims things for you a bit without impeding your vision.

Item → Slot Machine
Item → Big money, big money, no whammies.... (odds of pretend winning are 1 in 10)

Item → Roulette Wheel
Item → Spin the wheel and take your chances! Where she ends up, nobody knows!

Item → Pleiadian Star Ship
Item → Without a source of antimatter, all this ship can do is hover along the ground. Sponsored by Pleiadian.

Item → Password Door
Item → These doors only open if you know the magic word... which you do, because you set it.

Item → g-Virus
Item → It would be dangerous to throw this on someone, not to mention downright rude!

Item → Little Red Corvette
Item → Baby, you're much too fast.

Item → Sawed-Off Shotgun
Item → Shop smart, shop S-Mart.

Item → Combover
Item → Don't worry, you've combed it so well that nobody can even tell you're bald!

Item → Lab Coat
Item → The perfect outfit for those occasions when you are zapping lightning through a corpse.

Item → Traffic Barricade
Item → Zombies usually respect all traffic laws, so these are handy to have around.

Item → Toxic Waste Barrel
Item → This barrel is filled with a highly unstable compound. Well, not filled exactly - some of it's dripping onto the floor. Approach with caution!

Item → Toxic Waste
Item → Usually safely stored in barrels, but currently stored ON YOUR FACE.

Item → Biohazard Sign
Item → Do not lick under any circumstances.

Item → Antidote
Item → This is THE antidote. To everything. Drink up, and you shall be cured!

Item → Tombstone
Item → Looks like somebody got too close to some Death Spikes.

Item → Military Radio
Item → This radio is your last link to the human race... so why is it just playing spooky music?

Item → Zombie-Stompin' Boots
Item → These military surplus boots are steel-toed and spike-soled. Hey hey, do the zombie stomp!

Item → Combat Vest
Item → It's gots lots of pocketses!

Item → Jens Beard
Item → Nobody but Jens is so wise and ancient.

Item → Showgirl Headdress
Item → You're almost the Statue of Liberty.

Item → Showgirl Top
Item → Sparkly!

Item → Showgirl Leggings
Item → Sparkly!

Item → Zeta Reticulant Mask
Item → No one is ever going to trust you with a probe again. Sponsored by Pleiadian.

Item → Red Growsaber
Item → You really don't want to drop this on your toe. Sponsored by JakeShore.

Item → Black Growsaber
Item → You really don't want to drop this on your toe. Sponsored by PirateHunter.

Item → Green Growsaber
Item → You really don't want to drop this on your toe.

Item → Blue Growsaber
Item → You really don't want to drop this on your toe.

Item → Flamesaber
Item → The energies contained in this blade are struggling to burst free.

Item → Double Growsaber
Item → Twice the sabery goodness, with half the calories!

Item → Solorien On Fire
Item → She's the symbol of a revolution in moderating!

Item → Flaming Skull Mask
Item → If you had skin on your face, this would really be painful. Sponsored by Ticklehead.

Item → Ripper Wings
Item → Rippling bands of dark energy carry you aloft. Sponsored by Ripply.

Item → Seil's Magic Orbs
Item → Dark orbs for a dark heart, these floating spheres still radiate evil from their long-lost master...

Item → Water Bucket
Item → Splash it around to make things wet. It can also scoop up water, though there's a good chance you'll just spill it. Butterfingers.

Item → Refrigerator
Item → Keep your best items cold so they don't spoil! When it's closed, the items are hidden. Punch to open it.

Item → Emerald Block
Item → Wow, you get 5 emeralds for the price of 1!

Item → Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game.

Item → Beach Blast
Item → This magical object requires 100 Fireworks to detonate. It will create a brand new pristine beach world!

Item → Coral
Item → This is a very special breed of coral that survives just as well in and out of water.

Item → Fireworks
Item → Use this for a splendid celebration!  Or save it for more important things.

Item → Summer Surprise
Item → It's a box filled with summer excitement! Smash it with your friends.

Item → Women's Swimsuit
Item → Hop in the pool, it's warm!

Item → Men's Swimsuit
Item → Hop in the pool, it's warm!

Item → Hula Bobblehead
Item → Feel the island rhythms.

Item → Swim Fins
Item → These aren't the best way to move on land, but they'll zoom you through water like a dolphin!

Item → Seaweed
Item → See weed?

Item → Beach Umbrella
Item → If they had just let this palm tree live, you could've sat under that instead of a bunch of dead fronds.

Item → Ocean Rock
Item → It's the back side of the ocean! Or a lake, whatever.

Item → Barky's Mask
Item → A bit sweaty to wear during the dog days of summer. Sponsored by Barkbits.

Item → Palm Tree
Item → These seeds of course grow on a Palm Tree Tree. Which looks nothing like a Palm Tree.

Item → Garbage
Item → Yuck, man. I hope somebody cleans this up.

Item → Screen Door
Item → Not for use in submarines.

Item → Wrought-Iron Fence
Item → Whether you're making a classy manor or a haunted mansion, you can't go wrong with wrought-iron!

Item → Velvet Rope
Item → Show people where they need to go in style!

Item → Sproingy Eyes
Item → Don't worry, those aren't your real eyes, they're just plastic.

Item → Cow
Item → Moooooo. You can milk a cow once a day or so!

Item → Milk
Item → It does a body okay, though there are lower-fat ways to get calcium.

Item → Calf Leash
Item → Moo. This little baby cow will follow you everywhere you go!  Mainly because it's tied to your wrist.

Item → Chicken
Item → BAWK BAWK BAWK. Chickens will lay eggs for you about once a day!

Item → Egg
Item → Toss these all over, if you want to be a horrible vandal.

Item → Chick Leash
Item → Peep peep! This little baby chick will follow you everywhere you go! Mainly because it's tied to your wrist.

Item → Piglet Leash
Item → Oink oink! This little piglet will follow you everywhere you go! Mainly because it's tied to your wrist.

Item → Wheat
Item → You're not in Kansas anymore... but if you were, it'd pretty much look like this.

Item → Butterfly Leash
Item → Flap flap! This little butterfly will follow you everywhere you go! Mainly because it's tied to your wrist.

Item → Barn Block
Item → 'Tis a fine barn, but sure 'tis no pool, English.

Item → Barn Door
Item → Shut it! Were you raised in a barn?

Item → Red Wood Wall
Item → This wood is red, but it's not redwood, it's oak. It's just painted red.

Item → Straw Hat
Item → Keeps the sun off of you as you farm all the live-long day.

Item → Overalls
Item → You feel like you could whitewash fences all day in this getup, yes sir!

Item → Pitchfork
Item → Whether you're turning over hay, poking evildoers in the tukhus, or just eating incredibly large noodles, this is the tool for you.

Item → Farmgirl Hair
Item → I reckon ya'll oughtta whitewash that thar fence!

Item → Dear John Tractor
Item → Too lazy to push buttons to farm? The tractor will do it for you!

Item → Dragon Hand
Item → Call forth the Dragons of Legend! Please be aware the legends may have been a bit exaggerated.

Item → Shockinator
Item → High voltage can lead to severe trauma and even, in extreme cases, frizzy hair.

Item → Ze Goggles
Item → Not recommended to protect your eyes from acid - Ze Goggles, they do nothing!

Item → Shocking Hair
Item → In the mad science business, electrocution is a constant hazard. The mad scientist Don King knows this well.

Item → Enhanced Intellect
Item → You're a serious show-off, you know that? Nobody needs to see this.

Item → Reanimator Remote
Item → It's ALLLLIIVVVVEEE!!!

Item → Laboratory
Item → Drop three stacks of items on this, then punch it to attempt to process them into a fabulous new item! It can only mix exactly 3 stacks. Most combinations will do nothing, so experiment!

Item → Chemical G
Item → This is a highly toxic chemical. Do not ingest! Place carefully in a Laboratory to combine with other chemicals and create amazing new things.

Item → Chemical R
Item → This is a highly toxic chemical. Do not ingest! Place carefully in a Laboratory to combine with other chemicals and create amazing new things.

Item → Chemical P
Item → This is a highly toxic chemical. Do not ingest! Place carefully in a Laboratory to combine with other chemicals and create amazing new things.

Item → Chemical B
Item → This is a highly toxic chemical. Do not ingest! Place carefully in a Laboratory to combine with other chemicals and create amazing new things.

Item → Mysterious Chemical
Item → This recently-discovered formulation is incredibly dangerous! Do not even LOOK AT IT. Place carefully in a Laboratory to combine with other chemicals and create amazing new things.

Item → Chemical Y
Item → This is a highly toxic chemical. Do not ingest! Place carefully in a Laboratory to combine with other chemicals and create amazing new things.

Item → Steel Table
Item → Stack a bunch of these in a row to make a table as long as you want!

Item → Science Station
Item → The ideal station for performing SCIENCE! You can collect experimental results about twice a day.

Item → Death Ray
Item → For safety reasons, we've had to disable the "Death" portion of this device. It is pretty hard on blocks, though.

Item → Weather Machine - Sunny
Item → Punch this to enjoy the wonderful Growtopian weather. Not much use most of the time. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Weather Machine - Night
Item → Night is arguably the most common form of weather. Seems like every evening, a dark front just rolls right in. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Red Bones
Item → Oddly, Redbone's skull is bigger than his head.

Item → Tony's Tiger Mask
Item → It's GRRRRRRRrrreat!

Item → Tony's Tiger Suit
Item → Also GRRRRRRRrrreat!

Item → Desert Blast
Item → Use this astounding device to create an entirely new desert world. One free pyramid included.

Item → Boulder
Item → It's like a rock, but dirtier.

Item → Weather Machine - Arid
Item → It's amazing how a little change in the weather can completely reshape the mountains! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Scoreboard
Item → Punch it to see the top worlds of the day! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Bread
Item → Mmm, fresh-baked!

Item → E-Z Cook Oven
Item → If science isn't pink enough for you, then mix your chemicals in here! For SCIENCE!

Item → Sugar Cane
Item → The sweetest stalk of grass you'll ever chew!

Item → Dough
Item → D'oh! This is raw!  What can we do with it?

Item → Blueberry Muffin
Item → Mmm, fresh-baked sweetness!

Item → Habanero Cheese Bread
Item → It's a spicy gooey treat! Watch out though, it's really hot.

Item → Tomato
Item → Express your displeasure with a performance in vegetable form!

Item → Pizza
Item → I'll have the Supreme With Cheese!

Item → Apple Pie
Item → The most delicious incarnation of the humble apple.

Item → Cheeseburger
Item → You're really not using all the parts of the animal, are you?

Item → Silver Idol
Item → Some speak of an ancient curse placed on this idol. Others speak of a free frogurt. Who knows what to believe anymore?

Item → Ancient Stone Gate
Item → What could lurk behind such a barrier? Ancient secrets? Cursed mummies? Perhaps a stash of purple blocks.

Item → Obelisk
Item → Punching this mystical stone makes it pulse with dark energy...

Item → Sungate
Item → This alien artifact can teleport you to distant worlds, but only if it's charged with the power of 7 Obelisks first.

Item → Slime
Item → Yuck, this stuff is slippery and gross!

Item → Profile
Item → Tap this to check out your own personal info!

Item → Achievement Block
Item → Only usable in a world-locked world. Use your wrench to etch any achievement you've earned into it! Only the owner of the World Lock can etch it.

Item → Weather Machine - Rainy City
Item → It's just another rainy night... without you, jet city woman. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Street Sign
Item → The classic method of identifying streets. Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Gargoyle
Item → Gargoyles just love hanging out, man.

Item → Gothic Building
Item → The perfect perch for a gargoyle.

Item → Streetlamp
Item → Light on a stick!

Item → Sidewalk
Item → Most of this is actually bricks, but there's a little bit of sidewalk at the top!

Item → Tenement Building
Item → It's not the nicest place to live, especially since you can't even enter it anyway.

Item → Fire Escape
Item → This meets all safety standards. I mean, you know, pretty much. Well, it looks safe to me at least. Maybe not safe exactly... more like non-lethal. Well, not always lethal. Lethal on occasion?

Item → Public Lava
Item → DO NOT TOUCH!

Item → Fire Hydrant
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Hedge
Item → Neatly trimmed, to keep the neighborhood tidy.

Item → Blue Mailbox
Item → You've got mail! People can write you private messages with this.

Item → ATM Machine
Item → Your very own Automated teller machine...machine. This device is not FDIC insured. It does, however, spit out a random number of gems about once a day!

Item → Destructo Ray
Item → Dr. Destructo's unstoppable beam of annihilation.

Item → Stick Horse
Item → Clop clop clop.  Coconuts not included.

Item → Tumbleweed Attractor
Item → Static electricity in this bracelet draws tumbleweeds towards you. One, at least.

Item → Six Shooter
Item → Did I shoot five bullets or six? Doesn't much matter, since in Growtopia you can just keep shooting forever!

Item → Tiny Appaloosa
Item → It's possible this is actually a dalmation, but you can still ride it! It's faster than walking.

Item → Parasol
Item → The dainty way to slow your fall! Hold the jump button while falling to keep the parasol open.

Item → Cowboy Hat
Item → Yeehaw! Git along little horsies which may be doggies!

Item → War Paint
Item → Strike fear into the hearts of your enemies, until they realize you just put your lipstick on really badly.

Item → Face Bandana
Item → When you don't want anyone to recognize your chin, this is the perfect disguise.

Item → Sheriff's Vest
Item → Round up the badguys with this enduring symbol of authority. Comes with adorable kerchief.

Item → Cowboy Boots
Item → We've attached specialized Safety Spurs to these boots, so you don't hurt anybody. Please respect other peoples' ankles.

Item → Kansas Curls
Item → These lovely golden locks make you look like a right purty damsel.

Item → Corset
Item → Feeling fat? You could exercise... or you could just cram your gut into one of these! Oh sure, you may end up with spinal deformities, but beauty demands pain!

Item → Layer Cake Dress
Item → Your girl. She's not very good. She made you a dress that looks like you bought it in a store.

Item → Western Building
Item → This isn't a real building, it's just a painted piece of plywood.

Item → Saloon Doors
Item → When you really need to make an entrance, you can slam these open. Just don't get shot doing it.

Item → Western Banner
Item → I don't know what language this is, but they spoke it in the old west.

Item → Buffalo
Item → You really don't want a home where these guys roam. You can milk a buffalo once a day or so!

Item → Rustic Fence
Item → This is an ideal place to lean while chewing on straw and saying "Yep." It also keeps animals in place.

Item → Campfire
Item → Gather round and sing songs of days of yore...

Item → Secret Of Growtopia
Item → On this paper is scrawled a deep secret of Growtopia. But to read the mystic scrawls, you must throw the paper to the winds! I don't know, that's just how it works. One of those secrets of Growtopia, I guess.

Item → Transmog Crystal
Item → This mysterious crystal has the power to transform one object into another, but only in the fiery furnace of a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven.

Item → Chinese Lantern
Item → A soothing dim light for evening festivities. You can punch this to turn it on or off.

Item → Songpyeon
Item → This sweet steamed rice cake is said to lead to a bright future for whoever eats it. Eat up! You can also mix it with Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Harmony Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste. "Harmony" is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Harvest Moon Blast
Item → This amazing lunar device will create a new world with a unique harvest moon background, filled with random trees ready to harvest!

Item → Ultra Grow Spray
Item → Spray a tree to instantly grow it to full size! Can only grow 30 day's growth at the most, but that's longer than almost any item takes.

Item → Scarecrow
Item → Notice how there are NO crows around? This thing is working!

Item → Sky Lantern
Item → Release this lantern into the wind to celebrate the harvest!

Item → Hand Scythe
Item → This creepy blade can chop down trees with great precision - you'll get twice as much fruit! The only downside is that it's highly likely to break when used. It has no effect (but won't break either!) on trees of rarity 100 or more.

Item → Yellow Hanbok Top
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Purple Hanbok Top
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Green Hanbok Top
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Pink Hanbok Skirt
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Blue Hanbok Skirt
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Orange Hanbok Skirt
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Yellow Hanbok Pants
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Purple Hanbok Pants
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Green Hanbok Pants
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Festival Hair Bun
Item → Classy and festive at the same time.

Item → Gat
Item → This style of hat is cleverly strapped to your head so it won't blow away.

Item → Moon Mask
Item → Look at that cheesy grin.

Item → Peace Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste. "Peace" is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Longevity Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste. "Longevity" is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Prosperity Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste. "Prosperity" is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Pillar
Item → Add a touch of class to your architecture! Also, keep it from falling down.

Item → Sequoia Tree
Item → These massive trees live for thousands of years. Please don't punch them.

Item → Foliage
Item → You can't see the forest for this stuff.

Item → Amphora
Item → This ancient greek vase could be filled with just about anything! But my bet is on gems and possibly a seed.

Item → Potted Daisy
Item → This daisy is in a pot. Pretty simple, really.

Item → Innie Block
Item → Way trippy.

Item → Outie Block
Item → Tres trippy.

Item → Dragon Tail
Item → We warned you to stay away from the toxic waste barrels.

Item → Clown Shoes
Item → You want respect, you gotta EARN it. Or wear these shoes. BAM, instant respect.

Item → Clown Pants
Item → They come complete with suspenders! Which is a good thing, since they're a BIT big.

Item → Plain White Tee
Item → Just the basics!

Item → Clown Nose
Item → HONK HONK

Item → Crazy Purple Hair
Item → It's just crazy, man.

Item → Foam Finger
Item → If you wear this, then YOU'RE #1! YOU'RE #1! YOU'RE #1!

Item → Rocket Thruster
Item → Caution: contents may be hot.

Item → Solar Panel
Item → Green power all the way!

Item → Martian Soil
Item → Mars is dirty.

Item → Mars Rock
Item → This is a rock from Mars.

Item → Mars Blast
Item → This amazing device will create a new world... Mars, to be exact!

Item → Martian Tree
Item → I planted a tree, and it grew up so big, it grew two sizes up from an extra-large Squig! The tree had blue puffs at the end of each branch, so under the puffs we did the Zorbity Dance!

Item → Astronaut Pack
Item → This contains all the essentials you need for a successful extravehicular activity trip, including a book of sudoku. It also makes you jump like you're on the moon.

Item → Space Suit
Item → Multiple layers offer protection against cold, vacuum, radiation, and parasitic alien infestation. Of course it's also sleeveless, so....?

Item → Space Pants
Item → A space suit isn't going to protect you very well if you don't put on the pants too.

Item → Moon Boots
Item → It's just one small step for a Growtopian, one giant leap for Growtopia.

Item → Astronaut Helmet
Item → Now you can be one of those creepy astronauts with a chrome-plated face, where nobody knows who you are and what you're up to.

Item → Zorbnik Leash
Item → ZYERBLRB! This little zorbnik will follow you everywhere you go! Mainly because it's tied to your wrist.

Item → Zorbnik DNA
Item → You can't do much with just some Zorbnik DNA... unless you collect 10 Zorbnik DNA and use them all together, that is.

Item → Space Connector
Item → Got things in space you want to stick together? Nothing works better than a space connector.

Item → White Wallpaper
Item → It's a White Block squished flat!

Item → Black Wallpaper
Item → It's a Black Block squished flat!

Item → Porthole
Item → Wow, the view from up here is simply amazing!

Item → Forcefield
Item → This directed energy field has the power to function as solid matter for people who aren't invited, while being completely permeable to anyone else.  I guess that makes it a door.

Item → Compu Panel
Item → This technology is incredibly advanced - you could run an entire starship on this Compu Panel! If you had any idea what any of the buttons did.

Item → Vampire Cape
Item → This cape imparts mystical powers upon its wearer.

Item → Slick Black Hair
Item → You must have a really greasy pillow.

Item → Vampire Fangs
Item → Wearing these impedes lip movement just enough to induce a Transylvanian accent.

Item → Vamp Vest
Item → Looks like you won the gold medal in bloodsucking!

Item → Rollback Plaque II
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards again and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. Oct 2013

Item → Aimster's Nightmare
Item → Shouldn't this belong to INightmareI?

Item → Skeletal Horsie
Item → Did you forget to feed your horse again?

Item → Spiritual Resonator
Item → This miraculous device allows you to commune with spirits from the Other Side.

Item → Hockey Mask
Item → Surely you're just a big sports fan... right?  Right?

Item → Mummy Mask
Item → It's hard to speak through these bandages!

Item → Skull Mask
Item → You're bad to the bone.

Item → Wolfman Mask
Item → The fun bonus is that you can take this off, and then you're wearing your "daytime wolfman mask".  It's almost 2 masks in one!

Item → Black Cat Leash
Item → Mrow! The bad thing about wearing this leash is that you end up with a black cat constantly crossing your path.

Item → Creepy Hair
Item → Your hair's such a mess, you look like you just stepped out of a TV.

Item → Haunted House
Item → Is it just your imagination... or are the walls actually stretching?

Item → Jack O' Lantern
Item → I think this pumpkin is haunted... when you punch it, spooky music comes out!

Item → Pumpkin Block
Item → This pumpkin was grown inside a square box.

Item → Jack O' Block
Item → This pumpkin was grown inside a square box, and then carved up.

Item → Lit Jack O' Block
Item → This pumpkin was grown inside a square box, and then carved up, and then had a lit candle put inside.

Item → Focused Eyes
Item → These eyes are a bit shocking.

Item → Devil Wings
Item → You don't jump higher than with normal wings, but man, you do look pretty cool.

Item → Candy Corn
Item → Every year, they collect all the uneaten Candy Corn and store it again, to be given out the next year.

Item → Weather Machine - Spooky
Item → Darkness falls across the land... The midnight hour is close at hand...

Item → Lock of Black Fur
Item → Not much by itself, but if you had 25 of these, I bet you could mush them together into something pretty good! Or a gross hairball.

Item → Familiar Leash
Item → Mrow HISS! This black cat contains the very essence of dark magic. Unfortunately, it's a cat, so you can't get it to use the magic for you.

Item → Cultist Hood
Item → You look a little shady in this thing...

Item → Cultist Robe
Item → Just the thing to worship Growganoth in!

Item → Sigil Of K'Tesh
Item → Unlike the Sigil of John Tesh, which is smooth and jazzy, this arcane emblem grants you favor with Growganoth. Sadly, that means it will teleport you directly into his gaping maw.

Item → Creepstone Platform
Item → These stones were mined in an alternate dimension where rocks float in the air.

Item → Disabled Platform
Item → A Creepstone Platform turned off. Not for players.

Item → Evil Eye
Item → Don't let it look at you! Luckily, it is very near-sighted, so you'd have to actually touch it for it to see you. Which would kill you, by the way.

Item → Green Dragon Mask
Item → Greenswe is indecisive, but stylish.

Item → Frankenhair
Item → Did you stick your finger in a light socket?

Item → Sonar Bracelet
Item → Meep meep! This bracelet attracts bats. Well, A bat.

Item → Devil Wing Fragment
Item → This is about half of a Devil Wing. So if you had four of these, you could make a pair of Devil Wings!

Item → Boney Block
Item → They're not fat, they're just big-boned!

Item → Cobweb
Item → So sticky AUGHH!!!

Item → Heart Monitor
Item → Place this device and anybody can watch it to see if you are online! Or alive. Note: it can't actually tell if you're alive. But it will beep if you are online!

Item → Scrub Cap
Item → Keep your hair out of your eyes while performing surgery with this sterile cap.

Item → Scrub Mask
Item → Stop spreading your germs around!

Item → Scrub Top
Item → Special sterilized clothes, for chopping folks up!

Item → Scrub Pants
Item → Even your knees need to be kept sterile when you are operating.

Item → Bride Of Reanimator Remote
Item → Its wife is ALLLLIIVVVVEEE!!!

Item → Magnifying Glass
Item → This has over 10,000,000x magnification, allowing you to clearly see the virus that is ... wait, is that virus following you around? RUN!

Item → Retro Magnifying Glass
Item → This has over 10,000,000x magnification, allowing you to clearly see the retrovirus that is totally grooving on your vibes.

Item → Hospital Bed
Item → Lay in this bed and one of our doctors will see to you as soon as possible.

Item → Surgical Sponge
Item → Used only in surgery. If you make a mess, a sponge can suck it up easily!

Item → Surgical Scalpel
Item → Used only in surgery. Use this to cut people open!

Item → Surgical Anesthetic
Item → Used only in surgery. You probably don't want to operate on somebody unless they are unconscious. Use this to knock them out!

Item → Surgical Antiseptic
Item → Used only in surgery. Don't mix this up with Anesthetic!  This is used for cleaning an area before you cut it open.

Item → Surgical Antibiotics
Item → Used only in surgery. If someone gets an infection, antibiotics should clear it up.

Item → Surgical Splint
Item → Used only in surgery. If somebody has a broken bone, you better splint it up or it'll heal all crooked.

Item → Surgical Stitches
Item → Used only in surgery. Bandages are included too, for lesser injuries. Use these to close up after performing surgery, or repair existing cuts and bleeding.

Item → Ambulance
Item → For the sake of your fellow Growtopians, we limited the siren. But you can still enjoy the flashing lights!

Item → Edison Zoomster
Item → Only the chief of surgery can afford a speedy electric car like this!

Item → Punch Jammer
Item → When activated (punch to activate), this prevents people from punching each other in your world.

Item → Zombie Jammer
Item → When activated (punch to activate), this prevents zombies from infecting anyone in your world.

Item → Birth Certificate
Item → A little white-out, a little scribbling, and voila, you'll have a new name! Use this item to change your GrowID permanently. Can only be used once every 60 days. Requires a GrowID. Is consumed when used.

Item → Candy Striper Cap
Item → Red wig included. And stapled on.

Item → Candy Striper Uniform
Item → I wonder where on earth this nurse's uniform gets its name from...

Item → Candy Striper Skirt
Item → This is also nice if you want to work at the kind of burger restaurant that requires Pieces of Flair from its wait staff.

Item → Hospital Curtain
Item → This helps maintain your privacy when you are undergoing delicate medical procedures.

Item → Hospital Wall
Item → The soothing pale yellow tone and complete lack of anything interesting helps speed healing and make people want to get out of there.

Item → Hospital Window
Item → Looking out at nature is supposed to help you recover.

Item → Hospital Door
Item → This door is designed to be easy to push open when you're rolling a body around on a cart. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Surgical Gloves
Item → This item doesn't really exist, just using its icon for surgery menu.

Item → Cutaway Building
Item → If you want to make an interior view of a building, you can use these blocks to show the walls and floors!

Item → Roshambo Block
Item → Punch it to roll Rock, Paper, or Scissors.  What you do with the resulting information is entirely up to you!

Item → Cow Cube
Item → This cow is squarer than most.

Item → Staircase
Item → Sometimes it's nice to climb a staircase instead of hopping up platforms. Unfortunately, you'll also have to hop up the staircase - Growtopians can't climb.

Item → Terracotta Pot
Item → You should plant your trees in these.  It's just classier.

Item → Climbing Vine
Item → These vines can grow to extraordinary heights.  Provided you place Climbing Vine blocks up to extraordinary heights.

Item → Thingamajig
Item → I have no idea what this thing does. It's something electronic? Maybe?

Item → Bushy Beard
Item → You look like you should be in charge of magical animals with this beard.

Item → Ponytail
Item → Unlike an actual pony, your tail grows out of the back of your head.

Item → Happy Sun Shirt
Item → Take joy in the great glowing orb that provides energy for all those toilet trees to grow!

Item → Blue Sun Shirt
Item → "Well, what you plan and what takes place ain't ever exactly been similar."

Item → Riding Raptor
Item → I know, they're supposed to have feathers and stuff nowadays... Well, this is an old-school raptor!

Item → Cliffside
Item → If your friends all jumped off of this, would you?

Item → Rock Platform
Item → It's like a Wooden Platform that's been sitting outside since prehistoric times.

Item → Cave Entrance
Item → Who knows what lurks inside? I guess whoever placed it and used a wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Prehistoric Palm
Item → Much like people, palm trees started out short and squat before evolving to be tall and skinny. Unlike palm trees, people then ate Twinkies and watched TV until they were tubby again.

Item → Caveman Club
Item → We've come a long way in methods of settling disputes, but this technique still works.

Item → Sabertooth-Skin Toga
Item → Clothing so stylish it'll make you shout "Rabble Dabble Goo!" - you know, to make sure you don't get sued.

Item → Caveman Hair
Item → The chicken grease helps the bone stay in, and it adds luster.

Item → Sabertooth Growtopian
Item → I think you've gone feral.

Item → Cavewoman Hair
Item → The chicken grease helps the bone stay in, and it adds luster.

Item → Fuzzy Bikini Top
Item → Is it for cold weather or warm weather? Who knows! It's the world's smallest parka.

Item → Fuzzy Bikini Bottom
Item → It's kind of itchy.

Item → Ice Cube
Item → This is very ancient ice, chipped from a glacier. Don't just use it to cool your drink!

Item → Frozen DNA Fragment A
Item → Hey, there's some prehistoric DNA stuck in this ice! Most likely you'd ruin it by punching it. But maybe there's a chance...

Item → Frozen DNA Fragment B
Item → Hey, there's some prehistoric DNA stuck in this ice! Most likely you'd ruin it by punching it. But maybe there's a chance...

Item → Mini Mammoth Leash
Item → The word "mammoth" has really lost all meaning at this point.

Item → Whatchamacallit
Item → I have no idea what this thing does. It's something electronic? Maybe?

Item → Kerjigger
Item → I have no idea what this thing does. It's something electronic? Maybe?

Item → Snowy Rocks
Item → Or is it Rocky Snow? It's not. The snow is on top.

Item → Candy Cane Block
Item → You just wanna lick 'em!

Item → Winter Gift
Item → The joy of giving! You can use this on yourself to open it and get a surprise, or use it on another player to give it to them. If you are feeling extra cheerful, you can also give it to The Growch!

Item → Candy Cane Fence
Item → This fence is terrible for keeping kids off of your lawn.

Item → Weather Machine - Snowy
Item → Man, the weather outside is frightful!

Item → Dumb Friend
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Snowball
Item → Brrr! Toss this at a player to freeze them briefly.

Item → Festivus Pole
Item → Tinsel is so distracting. Celebrate with an unadorned aluminum pole.

Item → Giant Candle
Item → This candle is enormous, but not hot enough to do any real harm.

Item → Tangyuan
Item → This dumpling soup is warm and toasty to keep you punching, building, and growing during the winter.

Item → Yeonnalligi
Item → Fly this colorful kite to ring in the new year!

Item → Ice Dragon Hand
Item → Another of the Dragons of Legend! Please be aware the legends may have been a bit exaggerated.

Item → Elf Hat
Item → Hey hey hey!

Item → Antler Hat
Item → The red checkers alert other hunters not to shoot you, but the antlers make you a prime target. We've scientifically designed this hat to ensure that your odds of being shot remain precisely the same as if you weren't wearing it. Note: Wearing this also makes guns and bows kill you!

Item → Glowing Nose
Item → Warning: wearing this could result in exclusion from reindeer games.

Item → Buckskin Hood
Item → So warm and toasty! It's like you sliced open a deer and crawled inside.

Item → Buckskin Jacket
Item → So warm and toasty! It's like you sliced open a deer and crawled inside.

Item → Holiday Gift Box
Item → People can drop gifts into this box for you to pickup later!

Item → Buckskin Pants
Item → So warm and toasty! It's like you sliced open a deer and crawled inside.

Item → Polar Bear Leash
Item → If you look out your window and see this guy, you are looking south. Or at a zoo. Or at somebody playing Growtopia.

Item → Doohickey
Item → I have no idea what this thing does. It's something electronic? Maybe?

Item → Inviso-Block
Item → These blocks cannot be seen. Thus they cannot be used by players, because that would be a nightmare.

Item → Mini Growtopian
Item → Ah, he just wants to tag along!

Item → Thermonuclear Blast
Item → Use this fabulous device to create a brand new world that is completely empty, except for bedrock and a white door.

Item → Door Mover
Item → Use this fabulous device anywhere in a world you have world-locked to move the White Door to a new location.  There must be an empty space where you tap and another empty space below it for this to work.

Item → Skyrocket
Item → Celebrate the holidays by firing off colorful rockets!

Item → Party Pants
Item → PARTY DOWN!!!!

Item → Party Vest
Item → PARTY DOWN!!!!

Item → Party Hat
Item → PARTY DOWN!!!!

Item → Party Horn
Item → PBBBBBLLLLTTTT DOWN!!!!

Item → Party Socks
Item → PARTY DOWN!!!!

Item → Party Glasses
Item → PARTY DOWN!!!!

Item → Mannequin
Item → Dress up your mannequin with clothes! Use your Wrench to change the sign on it.

Item → Display Box
Item → Drop items for sale in these handy boxes!  Only players with access to the lock can pick them up!

Item → World Key
Item → If you trade this to another player while in a world that you own, they will become the owner of your World Lock!  Use it to trade worlds safely.

Item → For Sale Sign
Item → Tell people what you're selling! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Gem Sign
Item → Say something about Gems on this sign.  I guess? Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Shop Sign
Item → Let everyone know you're running a shop! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Exclamation Sign
Item → Excited about something?  Let people know! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Cash Register
Item → Punch it to ring up a sale!

Item → Security Camera
Item → This camera will watch your world and keep a record of everybody who enters! You may have up to 8 of these in a world.

Item → Golden Pickaxe
Item → This tool, made to honor Diichaan's service as a moderator, is worth more than the stuff you mine with it!

Item → Evil Space Helmet
Item → Found in a teeny-tiny spaceship, this helmet is surprisingly normal-sized. What brave star traveler could have worn this?

Item → Burning Face
Item → Styx has a burning sensation.

Item → Frosty Hair
Item → Brr! This shivering style is only for the coldest of the cold. Whoever created it must have been a chilly soul indeed - where could they be now?

Item → Open Sign
Item → You can punch this to switch it between Open and Closed! Let people know if you're around.

Item → Television
Item → Yes kids, TVs really used to look like this! And they didn't have color screens! And they showed westerns! GET OFF OF MY LAWN!

Item → Couch
Item → Just the thing to watch your TV on. Except your TV can only face the opposite direction.

Item → Donation Box
Item → People can drop gifts into this box for you to pickup later!

Item → Meaty Apron
Item → Kiss the cook!

Item → Gold Chain
Item → I pity the fool who doesn't wear a set of these.

Item → Golden Heart Crystal
Item → This crystal can be combined with 200 Candy Hearts and any Valentine's Clothing in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to infuse the clothing with golden magic!

Item → Golden Angel Wings
Item → Better than a Halo, these will actually let you double jump! Plus they're shiny!

Item → Golden Diaper
Item → If you find yourself lost in a world without any Toilet Seeds, you'll be glad you have this. Plus it's shiny!

Item → Golden Heartbow
Item → Once used by Cupid himself, this bow shoots golden hearts! You can yank other players toward you with it. Plus it's shiny!

Item → Golden Diamond Necklace
Item → Sparkles with the undying light of eternal love. Plus it's shiny!

Item → Emerald Necklace
Item → Emeralds are May's birthstone. This particular one is lab-created, which you'd think is less classy, but they're much prettier.

Item → Ruby Necklace
Item → It's a red rock on a metal string. But I guess people like that!

Item → Microwave
Item → This is a quick and handy way to cook food. Or do SCIENCE!

Item → Eggs Benedict
Item → Eating these makes you smarter, so you can get more eggs-perience! Food Buff: 25% chance of double XP from all actions.

Item → Ducky Pajama Pants
Item → There's ducks on these pants!!!

Item → Ducky Pajama Top
Item → There's ducks on this shirt!!!

Item → Window Curtains
Item → It's curtains for these windows! Lacy, gently wafting curtains.

Item → Wall Clock
Item → Tell time in Growtopia! This clock displays the current Growtopia Time for you.

Item → Atomic Shadow Scythe
Item → So sharp it can slice atoms, this scythe is part shadow and all malice. The first person to wield it must have been very, very evil.

Item → Growtoken
Item → You can earn these from Crazy Jim and Sales-Man - try dialing 12345 or 53785 on your Telephone for details! Spend them in the store on special items! If you have 100 Growtokens, you can tap them in your inventory to combine them into a Mega Growtoken!

Item → Experience Potion
Item → Drink this fizzy potion to gain 10,000 XP instantly! Only works on yourself, no pouring it down other peoples' throats.

Item → Weather Machine - Nothingness
Item → Punch this to eradicate all light from the universe. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Doodad
Item → I have no idea what this thing does. It's something electronic? Maybe?

Item → ERROR!
Item → Please contact support to fix this item!

Item → Rushboard
Item → Just like they predicted, we finally have hoverboards in 2014! Well, virtual ones.

Item → Purple Stuff
Item → Yuck, purple stuff?! I'd rather drink imitation orange beverage.

Item → Orange Stuff
Item → On second thought, orange stuff seems kinda gross too. But you can freeze it into a lovely block.

Item → Winter Scarf
Item → This scarf is made of fuzzy aquamarine yarn with little sparklies in it. It's tres chic.

Item → Old-Timey Hat
Item → If you're a grizzled old prospector, this is surely the hat for you. Also useful for hard-boiled reporters who always get their story.

Item → Medical Scarf
Item → These elaborate scarves may only be worn by medical professionals (or anyone else with the title "Doctor").

Item → Blarney Stone
Item → Players that touch this get a Blarney Pebble.

Item → Blarney Pebble
Item → The legend goes that if you gather up ten of these pebbles, you can charm a leprechaun to be your friend!

Item → Pet Leprechaun
Item → He's hidden a pot of gold somewhere... but you'll never find it!

Item → Celtic Block
Item → Twisty.

Item → Black-Rimmed Glasses
Item → These stylish glasses can be custom matched to any prescription.

Item → Diving Bell
Item → Protect yourself from the crushing pressures of the great deep in this steel helmet. Of course, if you wear a normal wetsuit, you could end up sucked up into the helmet and crushed to death. So, you know, watch for that.

Item → Great White Shark
Item → They say a shark can never stop swimming, but this particular shark can never stop swimming in place.

Item → Jellyfish
Item → Beware of the painful sting of this sea creature! Also beware of the folk remedies for fixing it...

Item → Wetsuit Pants
Item → Lay off the donuts, because these things are skin-tight!

Item → Wetsuit Top
Item → Lay off the donuts, because this thing is skin-tight!

Item → Sunken Anchor
Item → I guess a ship somewhere is flying free, never to settle down in one place again.

Item → Giant Clam
Item → Store your treasures inside by dropping them! When it's closed, the items are hidden. Punch to open it.

Item → Undersea Blast
Item → Use this astounding device to create an entirely new undersea world. Water included!

Item → Cuddly Piranha
Item → He just won't stay in his bowl because he LIKES YOU. This is one fish you'll never forget to feed!

Item → Deep Sand
Item → This sand is all mucked up with gross deep ocean stuff.

Item → Deep Rock
Item → It's like a rock, but deeper.

Item → Mid-Pacific Owl
Item → This friendly pet owl will fall asleep on your head if you don't keep him entertained! Dedicated to the students of the Mid-Pacific Institute.

Item → Battle Trout
Item → Why, it's a dead fish. And you're holding it. Oooookayyyy.

Item → Green Bowtie
Item → Bowties are cool.

Item → Green Pageboy
Item → This is NOT a helmet, don't call it a helmet! But if you want to use it as a helmet, go ahead. It's hair though.

Item → Easter Bonnet
Item → This fashionable accessory matches ANY outfit with style.

Item → Bubble Wings
Item → With a pair of wings, you can double-jump! With these wings, you can also bubble.

Item → Pet Bunny
Item → bunny bunny bunny bunny bunny bunny

Item → Pastel Pink Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Pastel Orange Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Pastel Yellow Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Pastel Green Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Pastel Aqua Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Pastel Blue Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Pastel Purple Flower Block
Item → A daisier shade of pastel.

Item → Lucky Pinata Hat
Item → Not only is this hat festive and suitable for formal occasions, but wearing it when you break an Ultra Pinata will reward you with a personal gift from The Great Burro!

Item → Mariachi Guitar
Item → When you /dance with this, you can perform for your friends!

Item → Churro Block
Item → The sweetest of blocks - crispy, chewy, cinnamony, delicious.

Item → Parrot Wings
Item → Polly want a double jump?

Item → Fiesta Dragon
Item → This ferocious beast spews deadly PARTY at your enemies.

Item → Party Cactus
Item → A dangerously happenin' plant! Do not touch.

Item → Burrito
Item → Mmmm, rolled up food. Who cares what's inside? There's a TORTILLA!

Item → Pink Cadillac
Item → There's nothing quite like cruising the Vegas strip in a pink Cadillac!

Item → Mystery Pinata
Item → Put this on top of a bunch of items you want to give away. Once placed, anybody can break it and get the items! The mystery is that certain items will transform into something more festive when it explodes...

Item → Pet Burrito
Item → So fuzzy! This is not to be eaten.

Item → Clapboard
Item → The loud clacking sound this can produce is useful for syncing up audio with video. We've silenced this particular one for the sake of the other players.

Item → 3D Glasses
Item → It's like Growtopia is COMING RIGHT AT YOU!

Item → Black Beret
Item → Nobody understands your genius.

Item → Theater Curtain
Item → Raise it up and start the show! Note: You can't raise it up.

Item → GHX Speaker
Item → The audience is listening. And possibly being deafened.

Item → Marquee Block
Item → Put your name up on the lights! Letters not included, but hey, there's lights.

Item → Director's Chair
Item → Sit down and tell everybody what to do.

Item → Mint Julep
Item → Mmm, minty! With a hint of julep. Go horsey go!!

Item → Theater Seat
Item → Down in front!!

Item → Movie Screen
Item → Today's movie is entitled "The Polar Bear In A Snowstorm What Found A Piece Of Paper". It's an art film.

Item → Movie Camera
Item → Film your own youtube videos! By using some sort of screen capture program, that is. This completely fake camera isn't going to help at all.

Item → Red Glass Block
Item → People inside this should not throw stones, and they will be tinted red.

Item → Blue Glass Block
Item → People inside this should not throw stones, and they will be tinted blue.

Item → Growie Award
Item → Congratulations! Your film has been selected as the best picture of the week! Or you just bought this trophy from someone else like a common peasant.

Item → Staging Platform
Item → If a player stands on this, they have first priority on joining a Game. Use your wrench to set which team this platform will assign them to!

Item → Game Block
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this block belongs to! During a Game, the block can be smashed according to the Game rules, and it will rebuild after the game ends.

Item → Busted Game Block
Item → This Game Block has been smashed.  It will rebuild when the Game is over.

Item → Game Flag
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this flag belongs to! During a Game, players can steal enemy flags and deliver them to their own Game Goals.

Item → Missing Game Flag
Item → This flag has been taken. It will return when the Game is over.

Item → Carried Game Flag
Item → A flag being carried by a player.

Item → Derpy Star Block
Item → DER IM A SUPERSTAR

Item → Lava Cube
Item → DO NOT TOUCH!

Item → Coffee Maker
Item → These special slow-roasted beans are roasted so slowly that you can only get a cup of coffee once a day!

Item → Coffee
Item → This'll put some pep in your step! And some verve in your nerve! But not that much pizzazz in your jazz.

Item → Awkward Friendly Unicorn
Item → This unicorn is going through an awkward stage right now, but it's happy to be your friend. It'll even give you a present about once a week!

Item → Unicorn Horn
Item → This pretty much rules out the possibility of hats, but it's so glowy!

Item → Very Bad Unicorn
Item → This is the kind of unicorn your parents warned you about.

Item → Horse Mask
Item → These things are just creepy. I don't get the appeal.

Item → Unicorn Jumper
Item → A gift from your friendly neighborhood unicorn!

Item → Happy Unicorn Block
Item → This block is happy, and prominently features a unicorn.

Item → Unicorn Garland
Item → This magical garland from the mystic land of Unicornopianialandburg joins your soul with that of a unicorn. Great for you, but for the unicorn it's pretty much slavery. Not cool, dude.

Item → Pink Hair
Item → Oh, is that your natural color?

Item → Aqua Hair
Item → It takes a liberal dose of Aqua Net to make it look like this.

Item → Evil Brick Background
Item → Thankfully, these Evil Bricks are further away than the usual kind.

Item → Game Grave
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this block belongs to! During a Game, players of that team will respawn here.

Item → Game Goal
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this block belongs to! During a Game, you may want to bring Flags here, or just reach here yourself, depending on the rules.

Item → Game Generator
Item → This machine generates games for people to play! Use your wrench on it to set up the game rules and start the game.

Item → Spike Juice
Item → By carefully drinking small amounts of Death Spikes, you can build up a tolerance! Well, what you can actually do is be immune to Lava and Death Spikes for 5 seconds.

Item → Barbecue Grill
Item → It's summertime, why do your cooking indoors? Also, you can mix chemicals in here. I'm sure that's perfectly safe.

Item → Sea Monster Floatie
Item → Blow it up and take a swim!

Item → Water Wings
Item → Not a strong swimmer? Strap these on so at least your arms will stay above water as you drown.

Item → Summer Kite
Item → Fly this colorful kite to celebrate summertime!

Item → Rainbow Wings
Item → Somewhere over the rainbow is a Growtopian, flapping away. These let you double jump. Sponsored by Oricho and Oriche.

Item → Phoenix Wings
Item → Is it hot in here, or is it just you? These wings let you double jump, and there are only 500 of them in existence! Don't throw them away!

Item → Squirt Gun
Item → Squirt your friends with this usually harmless weapon! Or load it with hydrochloric acid and use it to dissolve metal, it works equally well. Longer range than normal punches, but less damage.

Item → Sandcastle
Item → Enjoy it while you can, before the tide comes in.

Item → Super Fireworks
Item → This Omega-class firework is actually illegal in all countries. All of them. LAUNCH IT ANYWAY!!! Like cereal, it comes with a special prize inside. Note: it will use up 200 Fireworks from your inventory to ignite the Saturn V thruster it uses.

Item → Gateway To Adventure
Item → You can set this door up like a Choose Your Own Adventure story! Type up to 5 lines of story, and then add up to 5 buttons for players to choose from, with Door IDs that they lead to.

Item → Path Marker
Item → Use these sort of like Doors - They have IDs, so Doors can lead to them, though you can't travel from them. Use your wrench to set their ID.

Item → Pith Helmet
Item → Dr. Koop, I presume?

Item → Safari Jacket
Item → The comfortable fit you need to run away from giant rolling boulders.

Item → Jodhpurs
Item → Does these pants make my butt look fat?

Item → Adventuring Mustache
Item → Wot wot too right tally ho jolly good ermf ermf

Item → Adventure Item - Rope
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world.

Item → Adventure Item - Key
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world.

Item → Adventure Item - Golden Idol
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world.

Item → Adventure Item - Banana
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world.

Item → Adventure Item - Torch
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world.

Item → Explorer's Ponytail
Item → This sensible hairstyle minimizes the number of cobwebs that stick to you when exploring ancient tombs. The glasses also help you avoid them in the first place.

Item → Lazy Cobra
Item → This species features the deadliest venom of any snake in the world, capable of instantly killing a Growtopian. This is counterbalanced by the fact that it is too lazy to pursue prey at all, simply waiting for people to walk up and touch it.

Item → Explorer's Shovel
Item → This is not a whole lot different from a garden shovel, but holding it makes you feel adventurous. It also lets you dig faster than you can by punching dirt. I still don't get why punching dirt works at all.

Item → Keytar
Item → You can't punch when holding this, you're too busy ROCKING! Punch anywhere to play music. If you punch to your left or right, you can bend the note higher or lower. Punch in your own column to play the same notes that Sheet Music: Piano Note plays.

Item → Bass Guitar
Item → You can't punch when holding this, you're too busy ROCKING! Punch anywhere to play music. If you punch to your left or right, you can bend the note higher or lower. Punch in your own column to play the same notes that Sheet Music: Bass Note plays.

Item → Tambourine
Item → You can't punch when holding this, you're too busy ROCKING! Punch anywhere to play drums. If you punch to your left or right, you can play different drums. Punch in your own column to play the same drums that Sheet Music: Drums plays.

Item → Flat-top
Item → Keep that haircut regulation, soldier!

Item → Starchild Makeup
Item → You came down from a distant planet, to conquer the Earth with the power of ROCK.

Item → Shredded T-Shirt
Item → This shirt isn't ruined, it's COOL.

Item → Leopard Leggings
Item → These are the easiest pants to do leaping splits in, if that happens to be important to you. I mean, you might as well jump. Go ahead and jump.

Item → Drumkit
Item → You're a rock star. Smack this to pound out some sick beats.

Item → Rock N' Roll Wallpaper
Item → It's like your wallpaper is on fire, in the dark. WHOOOOOOOOOoooooo!

Item → Stage Support
Item → Use these to build your stage for the ultimate rock show.

Item → Mega Rock Speaker
Item → Your world doesn't have enough voltage to actually power speakers of this size, but they sure LOOK loud!

Item → Rockin' Headband
Item → When you rock, you sweat. Soak it up!

Item → Kuma-boshi
Item → Akiko's extra special hat.

Item → Knight Helmet
Item → This helmet was forged by the awesome art god Hamumu. Sponsored by Knightmare.

Item → Crystal Cape
Item → Though less flexible than your average cape, this is a whole lot sparklier. Allows you to double jump off of an imaginary Crystal Block. Sponsored by Edvoid20, HemeTems, and Aboge.

Item → StarBoard
Item → Just like they predicted, we finally have hoverboards in 2014! Well, virtual ones. Sponsored by Miwsky, Chudy, and Dawid.

Item → Puppy Leash
Item → Berf! This little puppy is modeled after Hamumu's dog Mia, and can also be found in the fabulous smash hit Flash game Mia's Happy Day! Go play it!

Item → Brown Wallpaper
Item → It's a Brown Block squashed flat at last!

Item → Fuel Pack
Item → This backpack contains volatile fuels you can use to power a flamethrower!

Item → Flamethrower
Item → The deadliest weapon in Growtopia! The downside is that you need to wear a Fuel Pack to use it, and it uses up 1 Fuel Pack for every single punch. KILL IT WITH FIRE!

Item → Weather Machine - Warp Speed
Item → This machine will send your entire world hurtling through space at warp speed. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Guestbook
Item → Lets people communicate by leaving messages to each other.

Item → Flatscreen TV
Item → This tasteful TV hangs on your wall like a picture. A picture that moves and sings!

Item → Tiger Block
Item → Be sure to point out to any protestors that this is faux tigerskin. You don't want to end up with Red Blocks instead!

Item → Growboard
Item → Just like they predicted, we finally have hoverboards in 2014! Well, virtual ones. This one spits fire. Sponsored by Coinman, iOliver, and Legomanz.

Item → Spiritfire Mask
Item → For the less technologically-inclined, this mask relies on black magic to raise an evil spirit.

Item → Soda Jetpack
Item → Use the power of carbonation to leap tall buildings in a single bound, and then drift gently to Earth. Comes with a lifetime supply of soda, connected via wormhole for continuous refueling.

Item → Dominatus Moderateus
Item → Could there be more than one cult in Growtopia? Sponsored by Moderate.

Item → Seagull
Item → These extra-strong seagulls can carry the full weight of a Growtopian!  Hop on!

Item → Pacifier
Item → Oh, grow up.

Item → Flower Checkpoint
Item → If you die, you'll respawn at the last Checkpoint you touched!

Item → Bubble Gum
Item → This isn't even wrapped, it probably has all kinds of germs on it. Are you really gonna chew it?

Item → Diving Board
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Diving Board Support
Item → This part of the diving board is not bouncy at all. Go jump off the unsupported end!

Item → Deluxe Grow Spray
Item → Spray a tree to grow it 24 hours' worth!

Item → Legendbot-009
Item → This legendary battle armor was the turning point in the war of Growtopia Valley.

Item → Dragon of Legend
Item → This blade calls forth the Ancient Dragon of Unexaggerated Legends and binds it to your command. It's a biggun'.

Item → Legendary Wings
Item → Turns out you had to do a lot more than ring a bell to get these suckers.

Item → Legen
Item → Wait for it...

Item → Dary
Item → Wait for it...

Item → Legendary Wizard
Item → This wizard is legendary! Punch or wrench him to obtain Legendary Quests.

Item → Great Legendary Orb
Item → Players that touch this get a Legendary Orb.

Item → Legendary Orb
Item → This orb is legendary and filled with a great power. However, you don't have an adapter for it, so the power isn't any use to you. Perhaps a wizard could use it?

Item → Diamond Lock
Item → Locks an entire world. And looks good doing it. Tap on it in your inventory to break it down into 100 World Locks, if you have room in your inventory.

Item → Minotaur Mask
Item → MOOOOooooooo.

Item → Muscle Suit
Item → It's faster than exercise!

Item → Puzzle Brick
Item → This brick is just made out of puzzlingly shaped pieces, it's not much of a puzzle itself. Just a brick.

Item → Zeus' Lightning Bolt
Item → It's 1.21 gigawatts in the palm of your hand!  Sponsored by Dodoman11, Hercule, and the RTSoft Forumers.

Item → Chinese Dragon Head
Item → You're lucky, you get to be the head!

Item → Chinese Dragon Body
Item → This really adds a lot of body to your hair.

Item → Chinese Dragon Tail
Item → Looks like you got stuck with the tail end. Again.

Item → Ssireum Shorts - Red
Item → Wear these shorts when you are wrestling! If you play in a Game Pack game, your shorts will change color to match your team.

Item → Ssireum Shorts - Blue
Item → Wear these shorts when you are wrestling! If you play in a Game Pack game, your shorts will change color to match your team.

Item → Ssireum Shorts - Yellow
Item → Wear these shorts when you are wrestling! If you play in a Game Pack game, your shorts will change color to match your team.

Item → Ssireum Shorts - Purple
Item → Wear these shorts when you are wrestling! If you play in a Game Pack game, your shorts will change color to match your team.

Item → Ssireum Shorts - Grey
Item → Wear these shorts when you are wrestling! If you play in a Game Pack game, your shorts will change color to match your team.

Item → Golden Air Robinsons
Item → These sporty shoes are coated with a layer of pure sparkling gold. Sponsored by Kubeti and Rooted.

Item → Autumn Wings
Item → A leaf falls on a still pond. These wings let you double jump, and contain an endless supply of dried leaves for some reason!

Item → Autumn Bomb
Item → I am become death, the destroyer of foliage. Toss this in the air to celebrate the fall!

Item → Balance Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste, in 4 flavors combined with a perfect balance. A random jumble of four symbols is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Harvester
Item → This advanced harvesting machine will chop down trees as it runs them over. If you wear a Fuel Pack, it has a 10 chance of harvesting double fruit from each tree below rarity 100! This burns up one Fuel Pack.

Item → Sunflower Checkpoint
Item → If you die, you'll respawn at the last Checkpoint you touched!

Item → Moon Block
Item → With this block, you too can yell at the moon like Buzz Aldrin.

Item → Diamond Flashaxe
Item → I'm not sure why you're bothering to mine stuff when you already have an entire pickaxe made of diamonds, but at least you know this is harder than whatever you want to mine! Sponsored by Kloe, PartyFrog, and xShaDo.

Item → Hot Pink Highlights
Item → You got style.

Item → Long Black Bangs
Item → This is the hair for people with flawed foreheads.

Item → Pink Pageboy
Item → This is NOT a helmet, don't call it a helmet! But if you want to use it as a helmet, go ahead. It's hair though.

Item → Long Blonde Bangs
Item → Cover your forehead and shoulders in one fell swoop!

Item → Messy Auburn Tresses
Item → It's messy and it's red, what more could you want from hair?

Item → Growbans
Item → These are some fierce designer sunglasses!

Item → Pink Hair Bow
Item → You're like Ms. Pac-Man without the eating disorder!

Item → Butterfly Hair Pin
Item → It looks like a real butterfly! A real robot butterfly.

Item → Bee Hair Pin
Item → Psst, I think there's a bee in your hair...

Item → Simple Purple Dress
Item → Sometimes simpler is better!

Item → Red Sun Dress
Item → It looks like a whole galaxy of suns.

Item → Blue Skirt
Item → This skirt is long, and thus classy.

Item → Checkered Dress
Item → You are now the referee of fashion.

Item → Cardboard Box
Item → The ultimate in stealth technology. Sponsored by JakeShore, ADMex1, and bankai.

Item → Block Glue
Item → Squirt some of this on a block, and neighboring blocks will attach to it, visually. For example, if you glue a block, and there's a Dirt Block below it, the dirt block won't have a green top, because it will think there's Dirt above it! Use glue again to remove it.

Item → Violet Protodrake Leash
Item → Congratulations on completing all the holiday achievements!  Have a dragon!

Item → Hanging Guytrap
Item → This is also what happens when you give a flower a taste for magic bacon!

Item → Funhouse Mirror
Item → These mirrors make you look entirely wacky!

Item → Ring Of Force
Item → This ring replaces your punch with a devastating blast of energy that can shatter nearby blocks!

Item → Ring Of Winds
Item → This ring floats you on a cloud. Hold the jump button while falling to glide safely down to earth.

Item → Carnival Wallpaper
Item → Throw up some of these and you'll feel like you've run away to the circus!

Item → Carnival Awning
Item → Step right up and see the amazing square-headed person!

Item → Carnival Block
Item → Doot doot doo doo doodle doot doot doo doo...

Item → Red Pennant
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Blue Pennant
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Green Pennant
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Yellow Pennant
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Lion Taming Whip
Item → This is a cruel way to get somebody to do what you want. Keep it in video games only!

Item → Lion Block
Item → This lion does tricks! You can stand on its head, you can stick your head near its mouth, it can stand near hoops, it can sit, it can even play dead (it pretends that rigor mortis has set in, so it does so sitting up).

Item → Elephant Block
Item → This block never forgets anything, but since it has no method of communicating, that feature is completely useless.

Item → Golden Ticket
Item → You can spend these at any Carnival game in the world CARNIVAL, if the Carnival happens to be in town.

Item → The Ringmaster
Item → This is the master of all rings! Punch or wrench him to obtain Ring Quests.

Item → Golden Ticket Booth
Item → Nothing to see here.

Item → The One Ring
Item → This ring is your precious, and if you had pocketses you'd put the ring in them for safekeeping.

Item → Carnival Sign
Item → Write stuff on it to tell your friends! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Bullseye
Item → Used in the carnival.  When turned on, punch it for points.

Item → Carnival Tent
Item → This is like a regular door, except it won't work if the destination is occupied by another player!

Item → Carnival Landing
Item → Works the same as a path marker.

Item → Carnival Platform
Item → A nice way to get up to a highwire to perform an aerial show!

Item → Card Block - Back
Item → What could be on the other side?

Item → Card Block - Pentagon
Item → This card is not so handy for playing games, but it's great for testing psychics.

Item → Card Block - Star
Item → This card is not so handy for playing games, but it's great for testing psychics.

Item → Card Block - Sizzle
Item → This card is not so handy for playing games, but it's great for testing psychics.

Item → Card Block - Plus
Item → This card is not so handy for playing games, but it's great for testing psychics.

Item → Mirror Maze Block
Item → Toggle this on to make it passable. Not usable by players due to confusion madness.

Item → Ringmaster Hat
Item → This top hat is a bit rumpled, but it still has a certain rustic panache.

Item → Ringmaster Suit
Item → The classic burgundy suit - the essence of style.

Item → Fistful Of Rings
Item → None of these rings have any magical powers, but there sure are a lot of them!

Item → Orbs Of Elixir
Item → These orbs contain a dark elixir said to be the blood of Growganoth... but it's probably just grape juice. Sponsored by Cukuzz and PikaPi.

Item → Blazing Electro Wings
Item → It's shocking what they're doing with wings these days. Sponsored by Cukuzz, PikaPi and BigCream.

Item → Diamond Wings
Item → These things are insanely heavy, I have no idea how you can even walk, let alone jump, with them on. Sponsored by xBone, paulius, and TheMrSkate.

Item → Diamond Rocket Shoes
Item → Shoes made of diamond? I guess you save money on ice skates. Sponsored by CrimsonSwag, Vitality, and Mitcho25.

Item → Calliope
Item → Get in the carnival mood with some circus music! Yes, circuses and carnivals are different things. But not really? I did some research on it, I'm still not sure.

Item → Diamond Diaper
Item → Well, they're easy to clean! Sponsored by Tiamwatt, Ardims, and Shesherbel.

Item → Ice Calf Leash
Item → Moo. This frosty baby cow will follow you everywhere you go!  Mainly because it's tied to your wrist. Sponsored by Orfeo and Destra.

Item → Electro Magnifying Glass
Item → This has over 10,000,000x magnification, allowing you to clearly see the virus that is totally shocking! Sponsored by Jynttari, xSpeedo, and PEIJJE.

Item → Growley Motorcycle
Item → You look tough when you're riding a Growley Dennison motorcycle!

Item → Owlbeard
Item → Blue Dwarf needs owl, badly.

Item → Blue Star Shoes
Item → Sparkle like the heavens, twinkle-toes!

Item → Chaos Cursed Wand
Item → Not the same as a Curse Wand. This one sucks the souls out of blocks! Sponsored by LOL, dongju, and MUNGSUNG.

Item → Genuine Rings
Item → Jenuine's a bit spacey.

Item → Ecto Pack
Item → This backpack contains ghostly ectoplasm you can use to power a flamethrower in a spooky way!

Item → Haunted Chemical
Item → Something evil lurks inside this chemical. You get the chills just looking at it.

Item → Devilfruit
Item → This is evil, like the fru-its of the dev-il! It's recommended that you don't eat it, but it's not like you're going to listen to me.

Item → Harvester Of Sorrows
Item → This demonic harvesting machine will mangle trees as it runs them over. If you wear a Fuel Pack, it has a 10% chance of harvesting double fruit from each tree below rarity 100! This burns up one Fuel Pack.

Item → Death's Scarf
Item → Death has come to retrieve his scarf! He seeks revenge on you for wearing it, waiting behind you for the perfect chance to strike. Sponsored by EasyE, Meeps, and Stealthy.

Item → Nightmare Devil Wings
Item → You don't jump higher than with Devil Wings, but man, you do look pretty scary. Sponsored by Cukuzz, Heme, and Seabreaze.

Item → Edvoid's Mistake
Item → This mask makes you look really disturbed. Sponsored by Edvoid20, TETRAFANG, and Passed.

Item → Nightmare Magnifying Glass
Item → This has over 10,000,000x magnification, allowing you to clearly see a lethal doom virus! Sponsored by Pumuzutup.

Item → Teeny Tiny Skull
Item → This skull is so small! It would probably take 10 of these to do anything useful.

Item → Avenie Golden Horse
Item → This horse is really skinny, but has such a shiny coat! Sponsored by Avenie.

Item → Claw Glove
Item → They slice, they dice, they chop, they julienne! Just don't pick your nose with them on.

Item → Creepy Wallpaper
Item → Pro-tip: build a haunted house from Haunted House blocks, then use Block Glue to add this into it, so you don't have to have windows everywhere!

Item → Haunted Mausoleum
Item → Every so often, a ghost will come spooking out of this scary place.

Item → Gemini Ring
Item → This ring is imbued with astrological power.  It makes you a twin!

Item → Doppelganger Potion
Item → Toss this vile-smelling liquid on an impure soul, and the darkest deeds of their past will return to haunt them for a while!

Item → Deadly Spider
Item → Nature makes things purple to tell you to STAY AWAY! Also if a spider is as big as you, that's another clue.

Item → Hanging Thread
Item → This is the perfect material for hanging spiders from. It has no effect on Growtopians.

Item → Muerto Mask
Item → Tired of Halloween? Celebrate Dia de los Muertos instead!

Item → Ring of Wisdom
Item → This ring makes you feel a whole lot smarter. So smart, in fact, that you can tell that it gives you a 10% chance of getting double XP!

Item → Skeletal Dragon Claw
Item → Did you forget to feed your dragon again?

Item → Dragon Bone
Item → I bet if you had twenty of these, you could build a whole new dragon out of them! Still, it's kind of icky.

Item → Golden Apple
Item → This apple is a bit more crunchy than usual, but it's fortified with lots of minerals!

Item → Leather Jacket
Item → Look cool as you wear this jacket over whatever shirt makes you feel tough.

Item → Puffy Orange Jacket
Item → Rappers get cold very easily, so this style of jacket is available for them.

Item → Twisted Spikes
Item → The evilest kind of spikes available. Do not touch!

Item → Glowy Block
Item → It's like living inside a computer!

Item → Dark Grey Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Red Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Orange Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Yellow Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Green Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Aqua Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Blue Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Purple Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Dark Brown Block
Item → Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!

Item → Special Cultist Hood
Item → You look a little shady in this thing...

Item → Puddy Leash
Item → Mew! This is Puddy, Fredi's kitten! Sponsored by Fredi, xZonney, and Ludo.

Item → Comet Dust
Item → This is the sparkly dust from a passing comet. It seems to whirl around like a tiny galaxy. Perhaps if you collected enough of it, it would merge into a solid mass!

Item → Antimatter Dust
Item → This is the exact opposite of sparkly dust from a passing comet. It seems to whirl around backwards like a tiny galaxy. Perhaps if you collected enough of it, it would merge into an astonishingly valuable solid mass!

Item → Unearthly Chemical
Item → This is a strange chemical from outer space. It glows with cosmic energy.

Item → Comet Pants
Item → These extremely classy pants are emblazoned with the image of comets streaking by.

Item → Comet Shirt
Item → Express your love for celestial phenomena with this informative T-shirt!

Item → Comet Beanie
Item → The Night of the Comet never ends for you - there's always a comet soaring above your head! Or boinging anyway.

Item → Weather Machine - Comet
Item → Fill your world with the cosmic rays of a comet all month long with this weather machine! Note: this is only a simulation of a comet, it does not actually generate any cosmic rays. Good thing too, since that would fry your organs. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Riding Comet
Item → You're probably never going to have kids after this, but come on, it's a COMET! That you can ride!

Item → Rocket Pack
Item → Powered by cosmic energy, this jetpack will notably increase your jump height!

Item → Cosmic Lenses
Item → The only glasses certified safe for staring at comets!

Item → Cosmic Hair
Item → What did the cosmic rays do to your head?!

Item → Alien Block
Item → This block is made from elements that don't even occur in our galaxy.

Item → Xenoid Block
Item → This block is made from elements that don't even occur in our galaxy.

Item → Cosmic Skirt
Item → Micrometeors have shredded the bottom end of this skirt, but that's the latest style on Zarkon 9!

Item → Velour Space Uniform
Item → Captain a starship in style!

Item → Riding Meteor
Item → You're probably never going to have kids after this, but come on, it's a METEOR! That you can ride!

Item → Cosmic Unicorn Bracelet
Item → This unicorn looks even more "like, whoa man, I'm dreaming a dream of what dreaming is like, and my hands are like, not my hands, man" under a blacklight.

Item → Space Command Seat
Item → You can command your spaceship from here! If you have a spaceship.

Item → Ion Conduit
Item → Transfer more power to the warp core!! This is a background block, by the way.

Item → Xenonite Crystal
Item → This alien crystal has the power to grant or remove superpowers from all the Growtopians in your world! Use your wrench to set what powers it affects. Only one is allowed per world.

Item → Super Shirt - Red
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leotard!

Item → Super Shirt - Blue
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leotard!

Item → Super Shirt - Green
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leotard!

Item → Super Shirt - Purple
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leotard!

Item → Super Shirt - Black
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leotard!

Item → Super Shirt - Gold
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Red
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Blue
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Green
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Purple
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Black
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Gold
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Heroic Tights - Red
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Tights - Blue
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Tights - Green
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Tights - Purple
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Tights - Black
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Tights - Gold
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Red
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Blue
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Green
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Purple
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Black
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Gold
Item → To be a superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Boots - Red
Item → These boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Heroic Boots - Blue
Item → These boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Heroic Boots - Green
Item → These boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Heroic Boots - Purple
Item → These boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Heroic Boots - Black
Item → These boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Heroic Boots - Gold
Item → These boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Superhero Mask - Red
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Superhero Mask - Blue
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Superhero Mask - Green
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Superhero Mask - Purple
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Superhero Mask - Black
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Superhero Mask - Gold
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Red
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Blue
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Green
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Purple
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Black
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Gold
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Super Cape - Red
Item → You're no Heroman, but still, it's pretty cool.

Item → Super Cape - Blue
Item → You're no Heroman, but still, it's pretty cool.

Item → Super Cape - Green
Item → You're no Heroman, but still, it's pretty cool.

Item → Super Cape - Purple
Item → You're no Heroman, but still, it's pretty cool.

Item → Super Cape - Black
Item → You're no Heroman, but still, it's pretty cool.

Item → Super Cape - Gold
Item → You're no Heroman, but still, it's pretty cool.

Item → Superheroine Top - Red
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Superheroine Top - Blue
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Superheroine Top - Green
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Superheroine Top - Purple
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Superheroine Top - Black
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Superheroine Top - Gold
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leotard!

Item → Super Eye Mask - Red
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Eye Mask - Blue
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Eye Mask - Green
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Eye Mask - Purple
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Eye Mask - Black
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Eye Mask - Gold
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Logo - Skull
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Skull Boy? The Boney Avenger? Mrs. Death? It's up to you!

Item → Super Logo - Heart
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Loverboy? Captain Cuddles? Dr. Cupid? It's up to you!

Item → Super Logo - Lightning
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Shock-o? The Lightning Kid? Electrina? It's up to you!

Item → Super Logo - Eye
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Oculus? Lookey-Loo? The Illuminati? It's up to you!

Item → Super Logo - Echo
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Well, okay, I don't even know what this logo is. So you can be anybody you want with this one! It's up to you!

Item → Geiger Counter
Item → With this handy device, you can detect radiation. As you get closer to the source, the device will ping red, then yellow, then green for the closest. Stand still where you think the source is and you just might find it!

Item → Radioactive Chemical
Item → This is a dangerous chemical that emits radiation. You probably shouldn't keep it in your pants pocket.

Item → Phone Booth
Item → Hop inside with a punch to swap your entire outfit with the outfit stored inside. Presto-Change-o! You can use your wrench to empty it out as well.

Item → Action Hero Stubble
Item → Nothing says tough like not bothering with basic hygiene.

Item → Black Crystal Dragon
Item → Another of the Dragons of Legend! Please be aware the legends may have been a bit exaggerated. Sponsored by Dupie, v0ren, and Contesso.

Item → Ice Horse
Item → You're probably gonna wish you had spent extra for the seat heater option with this particular ride.  But it's faster than walking. Sponsored by @Aimster.

Item → Edvoid's Fire-Nado
Item → Stay warm this winter by setting your pants on fire! You liar. Sponsored by Edvoid20, NeoRay, and Heme.

Item → Mighty Snow Rod
Item → Gloves are highly recommended while holding this mystical artifact. Sponsored by iiStyloMilo, Bambam46, and MartinMan007's Subscribers.

Item → Tiny Tank
Item → Why don't you just go play Tanked instead? Sponsored by Liammagoo, Nelsonmandel, and Krampus.

Item → Reindeer Bell
Item → This is a perfectly ordinary animal, not anything related to flying, magic, or gifts. There are, however, only 2,000 of this endangered animal in existence!

Item → Magic Reindeer Bell
Item → This guy has been sorely depressed ever since he got banned from gaming. Take him out for a flight to cheer him up!

Item → Icicles
Item → As ice thaws, it drips down and refreezes into these razor sharp blades of agony.

Item → Siberian Tiger Block
Item → It's so cold in Siberia that this tiger has frozen solid.

Item → Snowmobile
Item → VROOOOM!

Item → Candy Cane Platform
Item → This is one sweet way to hold yourself aloft.

Item → Yeti Hat
Item → What, you think yetis don't have ram horns? Prove it.

Item → Holiday Cheer Bomb
Item → Nothing speaks of peace, love, and joy more than a bomb. Throw it at your friends!

Item → Carnival Pipe
Item → This is the most festive way to get water around your house.

Item → Winter Flu Vaccine
Item → It's really safest to use killed viruses in vaccines, but come on, who could kill this cuddly guy?

Item → Red Crystal
Item → This crystal is not yet in balance. Perhaps if you place it in the bosom of its Earth Mother, and then join it with 4 other crystals, it can achieve harmony.

Item → Green Crystal
Item → This crystal is not yet in balance. Perhaps if you place it in the bosom of its Earth Mother, and then join it with 4 other crystals, it can achieve harmony.

Item → Blue Crystal
Item → This crystal is not yet in balance. Perhaps if you place it in the bosom of its Earth Mother, and then join it with 4 other crystals, it can achieve harmony.

Item → White Crystal
Item → This exotic crystal is not yet in balance. Perhaps if you place it in the bosom of its Earth Mother, and then join it with 4 other crystals, it can achieve harmony.

Item → Black Crystal
Item → This mystical crystal is not yet in balance. Perhaps if you place it in the bosom of its Earth Mother, and then join it with 4 other crystals, it can achieve harmony.

Item → Crystal Clock
Item → Tell time in Growtopia! This clock displays the current Growtopia Time for you.

Item → Red Crystal Wings
Item → These amazing lightweight hollow crystals actually allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Blue Crystal Wings
Item → These amazing lightweight hollow crystals actually allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Green Crystal Wings
Item → These amazing lightweight hollow crystals actually allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Purple Crystal Wings
Item → These amazing lightweight hollow crystals actually allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Golden Crystal Wings
Item → These amazing lightweight hollow crystals actually allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Aqua Crystal Wings
Item → These amazing lightweight hollow crystals actually allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Crystal Glaive
Item → Careful of the pointy bits. This thing is tough to hold, but look how cool it is when you throw it!

Item → Crystal Skull
Item → You could run your own kingdom with a mask like this!

Item → Stained Glass
Item → Ooh pretty.

Item → Crystal Tree
Item → Everyone knows crystals don't grow on trees, so this is just a lovely decorative element.

Item → Crystal Gate
Item → These magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Crystal Spikes
Item → These crystals have fragmented into razor sharp points. Do not touch!

Item → Mini-You
Item → This Mini Growtopian looks strangely familiar...

Item → Party Block
Item → You can't have a block party without a Party Block!

Item → Party Boombox
Item → Rock some tunes to really kick the party into gear!

Item → Weather Machine - Party
Item → Bring the party with you everywhere you go! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Dead Geiger Counter
Item → This Geiger Counter is out of battery power. It will charge up from the static electricity you generate all the time, so just hold it in your hand until it's charged.

Item → Party Confetti
Item → Ooh, it's gonna take a LOT of this to get the party started...

Item → Party Tunes
Item → 3 notes? Pop songs just keep getting shorter! Maybe if we collect up a pile of these, we can get this party started!

Item → Superpower - Heat Vision
Item → This is a Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage.

Item → Superpower - Incinerate
Item → This is a Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage, but if opponent uses a Muscle power, it inflicts 2 damage.

Item → Superpower - Flame On!
Item → This is a Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Ignite yourself, healing 1 damage, and your opponent takes 1 damage if they hit you in the next 3 turns.

Item → Superpower - Liquify
Item → This is a Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflicts 1 damage and melts the card your opponent plays, removing it from play permanently. If you Liquify another card, the first one returns.

Item → Superpower - Overheat
Item → This is a Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Your Fire cards are not countered by Ice on your next turn, and they do +1 damage.

Item → Crime In Progress
Item → Oh no!  A villainous scalliwag lurks here, perpetrating CRIME on an unsuspecting populace! Smack him in the face to set him straight with your superpowers.

Item → Superpower - Death Ray
Item → This is a Rare Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Obliterates your opponent for 3 damage.

Item → Party-In-A-Box
Item → You can just barely hear techno music deep inside the box.  Maybe you should open it and see if a party comes out?

Item → Superpower - Ice Shards
Item → This is an Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage.

Item → Superpower - Frost Breath
Item → This is an Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Freeze your opponent, so they can't use any cards except Fire cards next turn.

Item → Superpower - Ice Barrier
Item → This is an Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Protects you from the next hit you would take, including this turn. Lightning pierces it.

Item → Superpower - Puddle
Item → This is an Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: For the next 3 turns, the opponent takes 1 damage if they use Lightning. They shouldn't do that standing in water!

Item → Superpower - Frozen Mirror
Item → This is an Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage. If the opponent uses Fire, their card isn't countered, it's reflected back at them!

Item → Superpower - Ban Hammer
Item → This is a Rare Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Give the opponent a warning... on their 3rd warning, they get banned from the game.

Item → Superpower - Super Strength
Item → This is a Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage.

Item → Superpower - Super Speed
Item → This is a Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage, and on the next turn, you see which card your opponent will choose before you choose yours.  This card takes 2 turns to recharge.

Item → Superpower - Enrage
Item → This is a Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Block 1 damage this turn, and your next attack that hits will do +1 damage.

Item → Superpower - Crush
Item → This is a Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: If your opponent uses Lightning this turn, they take *3* damage! Sadly, if they don't, this has no effect at all.

Item → Superpower - Regeneration
Item → This is a Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Recover 1 Life this turn and the next turn.

Item → Superpower - g-Virus
Item → This is a Rare Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Summon a zombie to gnaw on your opponent for 1 damage per turn, forever. Each point of damage you take kills a zombie instead of hurting you.

Item → Superpower - Shocking Fist
Item → This is a Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Inflict 1 damage.

Item → Superpower - Thunderstorm
Item → This is a Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: No damage now, but for the next 2 turns, your opponent takes 1 damage each turn. If you take damage from a Muscle card, the storm ends.

Item → Superpower - Overcharge
Item → This is a Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Charge up your Lightning cards to do +1 damage permanently. Getting hit by Muscle cards removes this effect.

Item → Superpower - Megawatt Pulse
Item → This is a Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Does 2 damage, but takes 2 turns to recharge.

Item → Superpower - Resuscitate
Item → This is a Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: If an attack would kill you in the next 3 turns, you recover with 1 Life.

Item → Superpower - Duct Tape
Item → This is a Rare Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Prevent your opponent from using the element they used this turn again for 3 turns.

Item → Villain Portrait - The Firebug
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of The Firebug for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Jimmy Snow
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Jimmy Snow for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Big Bertha
Item → Just before knocking her unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Big Bertha for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Shockinator
Item → Just before knocking it unconscious(?), you snapped a lovely photo of The Shockinator for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Generic Thug #17
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Generic Thug #17 for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Kat 5
Item → Just before knocking her unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Kat 5 for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Professor Pummel
Item → Just before knocking her unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Professor Pummel for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Dragon Hand
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Dragon Hand for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Dr. Destructo
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Dr. Destructo for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Ms. Terry
Item → Just before knocking her unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Ms. Terry for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Z. Everett Koop
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Z. Everett Koop for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Almighty Seth
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Almighty Seth for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Villain Portrait - Devil Ham
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Devil Ham for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Super Logo - ?
Item → This is the logo of the supervillain Ms. Terry. Are you sure you want to wear it?

Item → Super Logo - Z
Item → This is the logo of the supervillain (or philanthropist) Z. Everett Koop. Are you sure you want to wear it?

Item → Super Logo - Yerfdog
Item → This is the logo of the supervillain Devil Ham. Or it's just the logo of Hamumu Games. Are you sure you want to wear it?

Item → Super Logo - RTSoft
Item → This is the logo of the supervillain Almighty Seth. Or it's just the logo of Robinson Technologies. Are you sure you want to wear it?

Item → Super Logo - D
Item → This is the logo of the supervillain Dr. Destructo. Or at least it's his first initial. His name's Dennis. Are you sure you want to wear it?

Item → Henchman
Item → Looks like you captured one of that villain's henchmen... Of course, you COULD let him loose somewhere to cause a little havoc! Note: Henchmen take 24 hours to complete their crime, then they disappear!

Item → Crime Wave
Item → Good heavens, where'd you find such an unsavory bunch of miscreants?!  I suppose you could let them loose in your world to commit crimes. If you were EVIL.  Note: they take 24 hours to complete their crime, after which they disappear!

Item → Love Bug
Item → Vroom vroom!

Item → Heavenly Scythe
Item → This scythe contains the fury of the heavens! Sponsored by Edvoid20, Anfinity, and iKrideez.

Item → Heartbreaker Hammer
Item → Seriously, if this hits your chest, your heart will break. Also, it's good for smashing pumpkins.

Item → Teeny Angel Wings
Item → Even as tiny as they are, these wings allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Teeny Golden Wings
Item → Even as tiny as they are, these wings allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Golden Love Bug
Item → Vroom vroom!

Item → Valensign
Item → Write messages to your loved ones on it! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Locke The Salesman
Item → This guy loves locks. He'll trade you fabulous items for them!

Item → Lucky Horseshoe
Item → Lucky you! You've been awarded this golden horseshoe by the Leprechaun's Guild in honor of your Blarney achievements. Of course, one horseshoe isn't much good. Why don't you get four of them together and shoe a horse? (Note: horse not actually required, just get 4 horseshoes and tap them anywhere)

Item → Irish Sport Horsie
Item → The Irish Sport Horsie is traditionally used for all purposes from transportation to riding to working the land, and it is popular as a competition riding horsie. It also wears a silly hat.

Item → Kilt
Item → Wait a minute, this is Scottish.

Item → Corncob Pipe
Item → This is a bad habit, you should stop it. Only found in Blarney 2 and 3.

Item → Emerald Lock
Item → Locks an entire world. And looks blarney good doing it.  Now, this lock is no Lucky Clover, but you just might feel a little luckier in a world locked by it...

Item → Emerald Shard
Item → Watch out, this is a really sharp fragment of Emerald. It seems strangely magnetically attracted to other shards like it.  Maybe if you got 200 of them together, they'd fuse into something! Yeah, that's how reality works!

Item → Cloverleaf
Item → This is only one leaf of a clover!  Clearly, you need four of them if you want to be lucky.

Item → Shamrock Sign
Item → Write stuff on it to tell your friends! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Slimy Green Hair
Item → Wanna be a witch, but tired of hat-head?  This is the hairstyle for you. Only found in Blarney 5, 7 and 9.

Item → Possessed Witch Hat
Item → I think Chudy's brain is being eaten right now.

Item → Super Logo - MightyBOOSH
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as MIGHTYBOOSH, with his trademark lightning shield!

Item → Shadow Wolf Leash
Item → Shadowsurfer's dog is spooky.

Item → Super Shirt - Emerald
Item → Fight crime in this mighty Irish leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Emerald
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty Irish leotard!

Item → Heroic Tights - Emerald
Item → To be an Irish superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Emerald
Item → To be an Irish superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Boots - Emerald
Item → These Irish boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Superhero Mask - Emerald
Item → Protect your secret identity! But your Irish eyes can still be smiling.

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Emerald
Item → Protect your secret identity! But your Irish eyes can still be smiling.

Item → Super Cape - Emerald
Item → You're no Heroman, but sure'n it's pretty cool.

Item → Superheroine Top - Emerald
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty Irish leotard!

Item → Super Eye Mask - Emerald
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Logo - Shamrock
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Saint Patrick? O'Superman? Lucky Lass? It's up to you!

Item → Superpower - Lucky Shot
Item → This is a Rare Muscle Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Take a chance! This card's element when played is totally random, and it will inflict from 0-4 damage.

Item → Villain Portrait - Paddy O'Malice
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of Paddy O'Malice for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Diamond Dragon
Item → This Dragon of Legend is worth more than all the others combined... and he's really pretty snooty about it.

Item → Clothing Compactor
Item → This super-fabulous device will crush any clothing and extract its pure essence. Just tap clothing items on here and they will be crushed! You might get back seeds, gems, or who knows what?

Item → Much-Too-Small Red Shirt
Item → Looks like this is all that's left after you crushed those clothes!

Item → Much-Too-Small Yellow Shirt
Item → Looks like this is all that's left after you crushed those clothes!

Item → Much-Too-Small Aqua Shirt
Item → Looks like this is all that's left after you crushed those clothes!

Item → Much-Too-Small Lavender Shirt
Item → Looks like this is all that's left after you crushed those clothes!

Item → Patchwork Quilt
Item → Hang it up on the wall, pass it down to your grandkids!

Item → Green Glasses
Item → You look jealous in these.

Item → Pencil Mustache
Item → You a certified creeper. Don't forget to smile...

Item → Distinguished Grey Hair
Item → You're not getting older, you're getting more distinguished.

Item → Pink Fedora
Item → Like a regular fedora, but in cotton candy flavor.

Item → Pink Suitcoat
Item → You look like a snake oil salesman in this getup!

Item → Fancy Pants
Item → These come with a handy pocketwatch in the pocket, but it's less handy because you can't read the time on a 4-pixel watch.

Item → Burning Eyes
Item → Need some eyedrops for those?  Sponsored by SweGamerHD, his subscribers, and Palladius.

Item → Locke's Mystery Box
Item → This block is a total mystery.  Smash it and see what's inside!

Item → Megaphone
Item → This handy device will let you broadcast a message to ALL of Growtopia at once!

Item → Actual Leprechaun Hat
Item → This is not just a leprechaun-styled hat, it's an actual secondhand hat borrowed from a leprechaun. The largest size available.

Item → Onisim's Genie
Item → This genie is all out of wishes, so he's pretty bored at this point.  He's happy to just hang out with you. Sponsored by Onisim and Napoleonn.

Item → Helmet Of Darkness
Item → Crafted from the darkest depths of Black Magic, this helmet was born! Sponsored by Devinn, Edvoid20, and anthonnoying.

Item → Transmatter Field
Item → Items placed behind this energy field are protected!  Only players with access to the lock can pick them up!

Item → Cosmic Mustache
Item → This thing is itchy. I think it's the radiation.

Item → Asteroid
Item → To celebrate the robot that landed on a comet, splice together some comet stuff to make an asteroid that YOU can land on!

Item → Baby Bunny
Item → bunny bunny bunny bunny bunny bunny

Item → Pastel Pink Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Pink Block squashed flat!

Item → Pastel Orange Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Orange Block squashed flat!

Item → Pastel Yellow Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Yellow Block squashed flat!

Item → Pastel Green Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Green Block squashed flat!

Item → Pastel Aqua Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Aqua Block squashed flat!

Item → Pastel Blue Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Blue Block squashed flat!

Item → Pastel Purple Wallpaper
Item → It's a Pastel Purple Block squashed flat!

Item → Dark Bunny Mask
Item → The life that has been carved out from your subconscious is the only evidence by which you will be judged.

Item → Marshmallow Basket
Item → These marshmallow treats are really pretty gross, but having one follow you around is fun!

Item → Happy Flower Grass
Item → The happiest kind of grass.

Item → Bouncy Bunny
Item → This is no way to treat an animal!

Item → Superpower - Egg Shield
Item → This is a Rare Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Block all 1-damage attacks for 4 turns. If an attack does more than 1 damage, the shield shatters!

Item → Villain Portrait - Bunny Barko
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a creepy photo of Bunny Barko for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Super Logo - Bunny
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Bionic Bunny? The Hoppinator? Eastro? It's up to you!

Item → Super Shirt - Pink
Item → Fight crime in this mighty pastel leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Pink
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty pastel leotard!

Item → Heroic Tights - Pink
Item → To be a pastel superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Pink
Item → To be a pastel superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Boots - Pink
Item → These pastel boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Superhero Mask - Pink
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Pink
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Super Cape - Pink
Item → You're no Heroman, but it's still pretty swell.

Item → Superheroine Top - Pink
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty pastel leotard!

Item → Super Eye Mask - Pink
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Easter Egg - Striped
Item → This egg has been boiled, dyed, hidden, and found. Put it on display somewhere!

Item → Easter Egg - Polka Dots
Item → This egg has been boiled, dyed, hidden, and found. Put it on display somewhere!

Item → Easter Egg - Jagged
Item → This egg has been boiled, dyed, hidden, and found. Put it on display somewhere!

Item → Easter Egg - Wavey
Item → This egg has been boiled, dyed, hidden, and found. Put it on display somewhere!

Item → Easter Egg - Checkered
Item → This egg has been boiled, dyed, hidden, and found. Put it on display somewhere!

Item → Easter Egg - Rainbow
Item → This egg has been boiled, dyed, hidden, and found. Put it on display somewhere!

Item → Cursed Jet Engine
Item → If the sky were to suddenly open up, there would be no law, there would be no rule. There would only be you and your memories.

Item → Egg-Hunting Basket
Item → With this basket, you can track down Easter Eggs hidden all around Growtopia! Once your basket is full, it somehow takes you half an hour to get the egg out of it. Clumsy. Easter Eggs can only be found during Easter Week.

Item → Full Egg-Hunting Basket
Item → You found an egg and dropped it in this basket! Now it's buried under all the fake grass. Keep digging at it, you'll re-find it eventually.

Item → Egghead
Item → This hat always cracks me up.

Item → Chocolate Block
Item → The yummiest of blocks.

Item → Dark Chocolate Block
Item → The bitterest of blocks.

Item → Carnival Spikeball
Item → There's always fun times at the carnival, even when your organs are being impaled on steel spikes!

Item → Carny Vest
Item → Step right up! Sell popcorn and candy to rubes as you run nigh-unwinnable games!

Item → Flame Scythe
Item → The flame represents all of the fallen heroes that served in the Armed Forces. Sponsored by iFlySolo and Ghostego.

Item → Ride'O'Gold
Item → A lot of people bling out their cars to show off their wealth, but it just seems easier to ride around in a bucket of gold to start with, right? Sponsored by WoShiPaul, IcyFrost, and icebang.

Item → Black Braids
Item → Classic hairstyle!

Item → Ginger Hair Bun
Item → Tie up those unruly red locks.

Item → Change of Address
Item → If you own two worlds, you can use this handy form to swap their names permanently. See a new name you want that nobody owns? Lock it up, and do a name swap! Requires a World Lock in both worlds. <CR><CR>WARNING: Both worlds will be UNTRADEABLE for 5 min after swapping the names.

Item → Teddy Bear
Item → You can't go off punching, building, and growing without Mr. Binky!

Item → Muddy Pants
Item → Where have you been playing?! What did you do to these? I just washed them! And wait a minute, what is that following you around!?!? Sponsored by @Hamumu since nobody else had the guts.

Item → Holographic Sign
Item → Program messages into it to tell your friends! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Sassy Boots
Item → It's not possible to be any sassier than somebody who's wearing these boots.  So put 'em on and get SASSY, girlfriend!

Item → Shifty Block
Item → This block constantly shifts through the colors of the rainbow. It's mesmerizing.

Item → Legendary Katana
Item → This legendary blade was said to have sliced through 3 tomatoes AND a tin can during the course of a single infomercial! Nobody knows if that's really true, but it's certainly a big sword.

Item → Unlucky Pinata Hat
Item → This hat is still festive and suitable for formal occasions, but all the luck has been sucked out of it.

Item → Nacho Block
Item → Mmmm nachos.  Watch out, that cheese is slippery.

Item → Luchador Mask - El Astro
Item → El Astro is known for the deadly Cometbuster Drop!

Item → Luchador Mask - El Peligro
Item → El Peligro is the most dangerous wrestler in all of Lucha Libre.

Item → Luchador Mask - El Tigre
Item → El Tigre is feared in the wrestling world for his Wild Slash attack!

Item → Luchador Mask - El Verdugo
Item → El Verdugo has long since retired his mask, but you can take it up again and master the lethal Dynamite Axe move!

Item → Luchador Tights - El Astro
Item → These provide the flexibility and movement you need to wrap somebody's head up in your thighs and do a backflip.

Item → Luchador Tights - El Peligro
Item → These provide the flexibility and movement you need to wrap somebody's head up in your thighs and do a backflip.

Item → Luchador Tights - El Tigre
Item → These provide the flexibility and movement you need to wrap somebody's head up in your thighs and do a backflip.

Item → Luchador Tights - El Verdugo
Item → These provide the flexibility and movement you need to wrap somebody's head up in your thighs and do a backflip.

Item → Luchador Jersey - El Astro
Item → This flimsy bit of clothing provides maximum display of your insane muscles.

Item → Luchador Jersey - El Peligro
Item → This flimsy bit of clothing provides maximum display of your insane muscles.

Item → Luchador Jersey - El Tigre
Item → This flimsy bit of clothing provides maximum display of your insane muscles.

Item → Luchador Jersey - El Verdugo
Item → This flimsy bit of clothing provides maximum display of your insane muscles.

Item → Luchador Boots
Item → Sparkly gold boots are ideal for stomping on people you've thrown on the ground.

Item → Luchador Championship Belt
Item → This belt has a handy adjustable strap, which is really good, since the wrestler you beat to get it is like three times your size.

Item → Villain Portrait - El Peligro
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a heroic photo of El Peligro for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Superpower - Atomic Backbreaker
Item → This is a Rare Fire Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Smash your opponent for 1 damage, and while they're dazed, automatically follow up with a randomly chosen card from your hand.

Item → Wrestling Ring
Item → Step into the ring, amigo. Show us your moves!

Item → Pinata Block
Item → A block made of pinata material! Instead of candy inside, there's either seeds, gems, or more pinata blocks. You know, kind of like every block.

Item → Mexican Dress
Item → This light cotton dress is adorned with little embroidered flowers.

Item → Rapier
Item → This famous sword is capable of slicing nearly any letter of the alphabet into nearly anybody's shirt.

Item → Foxy Hat
Item → This hat lends you the sharp and stylish lines of a fox!

Item → Swordsman's Mask
Item → This black eye mask includes a handsomely trimmed mustache for maximum swordfighting capacity.

Item → Cape of Shadows
Item → Cloaked in the shadows, you can strike without warning! And double-jump.

Item → Mystery Dress
Item → Is it blue and black, or white and gold?  Who knows!?

Item → Spotlight
Item → Use your wrench on this to point it at yourself or one of your friends!

Item → Fashionable Dress - Blue
Item → You think you know fashion? Well fashion's a stranger. You think fashion's your friend? My friend, fashion is danger!

Item → Fashionable Dress - Red
Item → You think you know fashion? Well fashion's a stranger. You think fashion's your friend? My friend, fashion is danger!

Item → Fashionable Dress - Pink
Item → You think you know fashion? Well fashion's a stranger. You think fashion's your friend? My friend, fashion is danger!

Item → Fashionable Dress - Green
Item → You think you know fashion? Well fashion's a stranger. You think fashion's your friend? My friend, fashion is danger!

Item → Fashionable Dress - Purple
Item → You think you know fashion? Well fashion's a stranger. You think fashion's your friend? My friend, fashion is danger!

Item → Fashionable Dress - Yellow
Item → You think you know fashion? Well fashion's a stranger. You think fashion's your friend? My friend, fashion is danger!

Item → Stylin' Dress - Blue
Item → Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing.

Item → Stylin' Dress - Red
Item → Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing.

Item → Stylin' Dress - Pink
Item → Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing.

Item → Stylin' Dress - Green
Item → Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing.

Item → Stylin' Dress - Purple
Item → Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing.

Item → Stylin' Dress - Yellow
Item → Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing.

Item → High Heels - Blue
Item → These really make your calves look good! Unfortunately they also cause crippling pain and permanent deformity. Hey, make your choice.

Item → High Heels - Red
Item → These really make your calves look good! Unfortunately they also cause crippling pain and permanent deformity. Hey, make your choice.

Item → High Heels - Pink
Item → These really make your calves look good! Unfortunately they also cause crippling pain and permanent deformity. Hey, make your choice.

Item → High Heels - Green
Item → These really make your calves look good! Unfortunately they also cause crippling pain and permanent deformity. Hey, make your choice.

Item → High Heels - Purple
Item → These really make your calves look good! Unfortunately they also cause crippling pain and permanent deformity. Hey, make your choice.

Item → High Heels - Yellow
Item → These really make your calves look good! Unfortunately they also cause crippling pain and permanent deformity. Hey, make your choice.

Item → Fashion Purse - Blue
Item → You can store all your stuff in here - dirt, toilets, cows, devil wings, whatever a girl needs.

Item → Fashion Purse - Red
Item → You can store all your stuff in here - dirt, toilets, cows, devil wings, whatever a girl needs.

Item → Fashion Purse - Pink
Item → You can store all your stuff in here - dirt, toilets, cows, devil wings, whatever a girl needs.

Item → Fashion Purse - Green
Item → You can store all your stuff in here - dirt, toilets, cows, devil wings, whatever a girl needs.

Item → Fashion Purse - Purple
Item → You can store all your stuff in here - dirt, toilets, cows, devil wings, whatever a girl needs.

Item → Fashion Purse - Yellow
Item → You can store all your stuff in here - dirt, toilets, cows, devil wings, whatever a girl needs.

Item → Purse Dog
Item → You can't store all your stuff in here - there's already a dog inside!

Item → Makeup
Item → Slap on a little lipstick and eyeshadow before you hit the town tonight!

Item → Kansas Pigtails
Item → This strange two-toned hair is all the fashion rage in Growtopia. I don't know why, but by popular demand, here it is!

Item → MickeyMay Leash
Item → Mickey and May are Werkon and Compulsory's real life puppies! This puppy represents them both. Sponsored by Werkon and Compulsory.

Item → Gold Choker
Item → Be careful with this necklace, they don't call it a choker for nothing.

Item → Emerald Choker
Item → Be careful with this necklace, they don't call it a choker for nothing. Now with a giant emerald!

Item → Jade Block
Item → This is a finely carved block of jade. How much more elegant could you get?

Item → Filigreed Jade Block
Item → This jade block is inlaid with a delicate gold filigree. How much more elegant could you get?

Item → Draped Filigreed Jade Block
Item → Now there's pink silk draped on top. How much more elegant could you get?

Item → Diamond-Encrusted Draped Filigreed Jade Block
Item → Okay, covering the block with diamonds has to be the height of elegance.

Item → Googly-Eyed Diamond-Encrusted Draped Filigreed Jade Block
Item → Yep. You just went a step too far. This is not elegant.

Item → Platinum Blonde Hair
Item → On average, blondes tend to have more fun, but live 20% shorter lives. That sounds like science, but luckily it's not!

Item → Electric Bow
Item → This crossbow is mounted to a glove, so nobody can steal it from you. It shoots electric bolts! Why not?  Sponsored by iNoodles.

Item → Golden Aura
Item → You are burning with furious energy! And double-jump power. Sponsored by Palestinian, Signle, StardusJr.

Item → Basic Blue Block
Item → This is a block. It is blue.

Item → Superpower - Pineapple Spear
Item → This is a Rare Lightning Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Impale your opponent for 3 damage. This exhausts you for a turn, but you can use a Lightning card to get a second wind.  Even if countered, the spear still does 1 damage!

Item → Villain Portrait - Pine-Fresh
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a pine-fresh photo of Pine-Fresh for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Pineapple Air Freshener
Item → This brings a fresh pine(apple) scent to the area... a dangerous scent.

Item → Pineapple Block
Item → By growing pineapples inside cubical molds, they can be forced to grow in a block shape! There's no real reason to do this, but it is fun.

Item → Pineapple
Item → Yummy, it's a pineapple!  You should just keep eating these nonstop!

Item → Pineapple Head
Item → Here's a useful tip: if you find a pineapple big enough, you can hollow it out and jam it on your head! Wait a minute, that's not useful at all.

Item → Fruity Hat
Item → Similar to the classic Beer Hat, this hat presents you with a movable feast! You'll never go hungry with this on. Note: fruit is made of wax.

Item → Hawaiian Shirt
Item → This stylish classic is adorned with pineapples and tropical flowers. Suitable for any pineapple occasion.

Item → Pineapple Pants
Item → Though hard to distinguish from Clay Brick Pants by appearance, the key here is in the soft, squishy, juicy lining. Yeah, they're kinda gross to wear.

Item → Weather Machine - Pineapples
Item → It's rare, but sometimes you'll see the little pineapple alert on your weather app. When you do, be sure to get under cover - an umbrella is not going to protect you! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Sugarloaf Pineapple Block
Item → This block is sweeter than a normal Pineapple Block. Since you can't eat Pineapple Blocks, that doesn't matter much.

Item → Roasted Pineapple Block
Item → Be careful, this came out of the oven piping hot!

Item → Frozen Pineapple Block
Item → The problem with frozen pineapple is it gets mushy when it thaws. So this one has a built-in liquid nitrogen tank to keep it from ever thawing!

Item → Pineapple Launcher
Item → This pistol provides the power to pelt people with perilously pointy pineapples.

Item → Demonic Arm
Item → It got into your arm and it went bad, so you have to lop it off at the shoulder. Sponsored by Edvoid20, SpamG, CrimsonSwag.

Item → The Gungnir
Item → The legendary spear of Odin is yours! Sponsored by ZeroRarity, CoffeeGuy, and xAzureHKF.

Item → Pineapple Juice
Item → This backpack contains pineapple juice you can use to power a flamethrower or Harvester!

Item → Pineapple Earrings
Item → A bit of the tropics hanging from your earlobes.

Item → Pineapple Kite
Item → Fly this colorful kite to celebrate your love of pineapples!

Item → Super Shirt - Pineapple
Item → Fight crime in this mighty tropical leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Pineapple
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty tropical leotard!

Item → Heroic Tights - Pineapple
Item → To be a tropical superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Pineapple
Item → To be a tropical superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Boots - Pineapple
Item → These tropical boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Superhero Mask - Pineapple
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Pineapple
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Super Cape - Pineapple
Item → You're no Heroman, but it's still pretty swell.

Item → Superheroine Top - Pineapple
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty tropical leotard!

Item → Super Eye Mask - Pineapple
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Logo - Pineapple
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Power Pineapple? Tropicanus? Dr. Pineapple? It's up to you!

Item → Viney Block
Item → It may seem obvious, but I'll say it anyway: this block is viney.

Item → Viney Wallpaper
Item → It's like you're lost in the jungle!

Item → Leaf Block
Item → If you don't like it, you can make like this block and leaf.

Item → Mission Block
Item → Mission style is a design that emphasizes simple horizontal and vertical lines and flat panels that accentuate the grain of the wood (often oak, especially quartersawn oak).

Item → Air Conditioner
Item → Keep cool! It's hot out there.

Item → Air Duct
Item → Sneak around in these to find the secret documents. Nobody knows why they build them human-sized!

Item → Well
Item → Dip a bucket in! You can collect one bucket of water from here every day.

Item → Penguin Leash
Item → Waddle waddle. Sponsored by TypoPig and IcyMeltz.

Item → Poseidon's Trident
Item → This trident has been blessed by Poseidon, God of the seas. The glowy blue signifies all of the servants who served under Poseidon in his battles. What Poseidon left along with this trident is unknown - that's for you to figure out. Sponsored by mythicdawn and angel42.

Item → Green Stuff
Item → Hmm, green stuff. What IS this stuff?

Item → Blue Stuff
Item → Now stuff comes in blue too! It's a veritable rainbow of stuff.

Item → Texas Limestone
Item → In Texas, when you build a house, you just take all the rocks you end up digging up and slap them on the walls. It looks nice.

Item → Air Vent
Item → How else are you going to get into the air ducts?

Item → Sapphire Block
Item → Flawlessly cut by our master gemologists, enjoy this transcendent jewel, an heirloom to last a lifetime.

Item → Number Block 0
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 1
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 2
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 3
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 4
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 5
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 6
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 7
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 8
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number Block 9
Item → It's a number on a block! YAY!

Item → Number 0
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 1
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 2
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 3
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 4
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 5
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 6
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 7
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 8
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Number 9
Item → It's a number floating in the sky! YAY!

Item → Phoenix Pacifier
Item → Aww, so cute you just wanna snuggle him all day! But you should really pace yourself on that, with a trip to the burn ward in between each snuggle. No more than 500 of these little guys exist in all of Growtopia.

Item → Sun Block
Item → Don't rub this on your face.

Item → Tiki Torch
Item → How you feelin'? Hot hot hot? Well, you can punch this to turn it on or off.

Item → Cow Skull
Item → This bovine has mooooved on to greener pastures.

Item → Flamingo
Item → This bird's got legs that go allll the way up.

Item → Summer Breeze
Item → These gentle breezes smell like freshly mown grass. They also blow with great ferocity!

Item → Wizard's Staff
Item → Congratulations on solving the Wizard's Riddle (or just googling what somebody else figured out). Since you're not legendary enough to obtain an actual Legendary Item, here's a replica of the great Wizard's staff. (Be careful, the winds might hurt you.) Sponsored by Devinn and PonyGarYelow.

Item → White Fury
Item → This thoroughbred steed is burning with furious power. Sponsored by Hercule, HERMIUS, and PRONGS.

Item → Seafoam Beard
Item → You're looking a little green around the gills.

Item → Seafoam Hair
Item → You've got that windblown chlorinated surfer look. It either makes you cool or a filthy beach bum. It's a fine line.

Item → Oceanic Crown
Item → You are the KING OF THE SEAS!... Is what's written on the tag of this cheap plastic knock-off.

Item → BLYoshi's Free Dirt
Item → It's an unlimited supply of free dirt blocks! Unfortunately, it spews them at high velocity so they splatter on impact. Sponsored by BLYoshi.

Item → FC Cleats
Item → Every pair of cleats comes with a new high-tech soccer ball capable of returning to you automatically! These cleats come from Funtimes College, the #1 party school on Earth. Sponsored by The Admins of FC.

Item → Man U Cleats
Item → Every pair of cleats comes with a new high-tech soccer ball capable of returning to you automatically! These cleats come from Man University, the school for manly men of masculinity.

Item → FC Jersey
Item → Represent Funtimes College in this stylish jersey! PARTY ON!

Item → Man U Jersey
Item → Represent Man University in this stylish jersey! Hallelujah, it's rainin' men! Notice of non-discrimination: Man University does not discriminate on the basis of gender identity, unless you're not a man. HOO HOO HOO MAN U!

Item → Baseball Glove
Item → Hidden inside this glove is a wormhole to a dimension filled with nothing but baseballs. Baseballs and popcorn shrimp. But the wormhole's at the baseball end of the dimension.

Item → Pigskin
Item → Don't worry, this isn't actually the skin of a pig. It's plastic. It's an American football! Also known as a hand-egg.  Throw it to somebody!

Item → Basketball
Item → Must... keep... dribbling...

Item → Stadium
Item → Nobody showed up for the big game!

Item → Crowded Stadium
Item → Everybody showed up for the big game!

Item → Basketball Hoop
Item → Dunk it!! The more of these you stack up, the better the challenge.

Item → Sporty Goal
Item → GGGGGGGGGgggggggoooooooooooaaaallllllll!!

Item → Monkey On Your Back
Item → This is not a metaphor. Sponsored by SweGamerHD's subscribers, Kizashi, and Inforced.

Item → Football Helmet
Item → Keep in mind that while headgear is necessary for dangerous sports, it doesn't eliminate brain damage. Keep your brain safe - play Growtopia instead.

Item → Growies Cap
Item → Show your pride in the Growtopia Growies with their cap! Root for the home team!

Item → Tennis Racquet
Item → Serve up an ace! Lifetime subscription to Rapidly Biodegradable Tennis Ball Supply is included.

Item → Carrot Sword
Item → This carrot is rather sharp. I wouldn't recommend eating, especially if it's a sword or if you're a bunny. Sponsored by MrMehMeh.

Item → Emerald Staff
Item → The Orb Of Ajanti is mounted atop this staff, held by a silver hand - just make sure you never touch it with your human hand, or you will be incinerated. Sponsored by SilentRebel, COMBUSTION, and jason747.

Item → Fishing Rod
Item → Equip this and then use bait on water next to you to go fishing! All you have to do is wait for a bite, and then punch the fish before it escapes! If you miss, your bait is wasted, so punch fast.

Item → Wiggly Worm
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. Wiggly Worms can only catch the smallest fish.

Item → Shifting Scroll
Item → Strange letters swirl about on this scroll. It seems to shimmer before your eyes. The only thing you can make out consistently is "7. INSERT", whatever that means.

Item → Cryptic Scroll
Item → Incomprehensible words scrawl across this parchment: SNWISS CAGITE TET PLDOL

Item → Really Cryptic Scroll
Item → Incomprehensible words scrawl across this parchment: EG TAC DESLI UREN HAI IB

Item → Exceedingly Cryptic Scroll
Item → Incomprehensible words scrawl across this parchment: VROMO AOI ELN WREAR NSA

Item → Needlessly Cryptic Scroll
Item → Incomprehensible words scrawl across this parchment: EO PAT NNN TED A BASK GCL

Item → Smarty Pants
Item → These pants are colorful and tasty! But they do not enhance intelligence in any way.

Item → Camo Pants
Item → Put these pants on and people will think you're just a floating torso!  With some shoes underneath.

Item → Carrot Pants
Item → It's the latest fashion! I guess...

Item → Golf Pants
Item → It's a mystery as to why golfers have to wear ugly pants, but they really do. Have some!

Item → Acid-Washed Skinny Jeans
Item → You need skinny legs to put in the skinny jeans, or perhaps just let the acid slim you down a bit.

Item → Tiny Red Skirt
Item → YOUNG LADY. You are NOT going out in that skirt. In my day, people couldn't even see our ankles.

Item → Flower Sarong
Item → This delicate flower print works both as a swimsuit cover-up, or an elegant skirt for a night on the town.

Item → Purple Crystal Skirt
Item → As long as you don't mind clinking as you walk around, this is a beautifully sparkly style.

Item → Golden Crystal Skirt
Item → As long as you don't mind clinking as you walk around, this is a beautifully sparkly style.

Item → Aqua Crystal Skirt
Item → As long as you don't mind clinking as you walk around, this is a beautifully sparkly style.

Item → Display Block
Item → "Use" nearly any item on this block to store it inside on display. Destroying the block will spit out the item, or you can wrench the block to remove it.

Item → Ruined Sign
Item → Write stuff on it to tell your friends! Use your Wrench on it to change the message.

Item → Robotic Lock
Item → This robotic guardian keeps your world safe by not allowing anybody without access to break or place blocks. Just like a world lock, only scarier!

Item → Digger's Spade
Item → This shovel is very specifically designed for one purpose: to shovel dirt. It is pretty useless at digging anywhere else, but dang if it doesn't rip dirt apart (and Cave Background).

Item → Disguise Glasses
Item → Wait a second... WHO ARE YOU!?!? How did you get in here?!

Item → Growch Cultist Robe
Item → Just the thing to worship The Growch in!

Item → Wedding Dress
Item → You look radiant on this special day!

Item → Bridal Veil
Item → Today's modern bride doesn't want to conceal her face, so we've swept the veil aside for you.

Item → Dark Red Wallpaper
Item → This is kinda creepy, like the walls are bleeding.

Item → Fountain
Item → Relax by the soothing tinkle of water. You can punch this to turn it on or off.

Item → Enchanted Spatula
Item → This mythical artifact, possibly from the future, has an unparalleled magical power: you can slap objects with it to turn them around. Use it on chairs, beds, whatever you find facing the wrong way! Note: Because the spatula is crystal, it shatters when used.

Item → Sink
Item → Punch to wash your hands! Be clean, please. As of this item, Growtopia now includes everything but the kitchen sink (this is the bathroom sink, unfortunately).

Item → Ring Of Water
Item → This mystical ring encases you in a bubble, allowing you to swim at high velocity. The cool bubble also protects you from dangerous burns like lava.

Item → Spikey Anime Hair
Item → The great thing about this hairstyle is you just wake up with it every morning! Sure, some people use a comb to fix that, but you just call it anime!

Item → Red Bicycle
Item → It's easy to remember how to ride this - it's just like riding a bike!

Item → Cybernetic Eye
Item → We've rebuilt you - better, faster, stronger than before.

Item → Vending Machine
Item → Shopping without the hassle of human beings! Use your wrench on this item to stock it with an item and set a price in World Locks. Other players will be able to buy from it! Only works in World-Locked worlds.

Item → Jester's Cap
Item → Bring joy to Growtopia in this classically designed headwear!

Item → Blanket Cape
Item → If you can't afford a real cape, just fake it with a blanket!

Item → Riding War Wolf
Item → It's just like a horse... except you MAY want to avoid kicking it with your heels.

Item → Wolf Tamer's Glove
Item → When you stare into a wolf's eyes, you're staring into the untameable heart of nature itself. But you can tame it anyway if you've got the right fashion accessories!

Item → Red Royal Wallpaper
Item → The fanciest walls in town.

Item → Blue Royal Wallpaper
Item → The fanciest walls in town.

Item → Wolf Whistle
Item → Beware! Blowing this whistle will send you off to the Wolfworld! When you are there, you will have only 10 minutes before the power of the wolf wears off and you return to the real world. Can you conquer the Wolfworld in time?

Item → Great Wolf Totem
Item → Players that touch this get a wolf prize, and kicked out of the wolfworld.

Item → Wolf Totem
Item → Now you can play Wolfworld: The Home Game with your own handy wooden totem!

Item → Dire Wolf Mask
Item → This mask is usually kept in a glass case, with a tiny hammer and a sign that says "Break glass only in case of dire emergency!"

Item → Goldfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Goldfish. These are named for their orange coloration, they're not actually made of any precious metals.

Item → Fish Tank Port
Item → This is a handy hole in a fish tank, through which you can insert or remove fish! Use your wrench to manage the fish, just like real fish. You can only place this on a fish tank.

Item → Fish Tank
Item → Fish can swim around in here! However, you need to put them in through a Fish Tank Port, sold separately.

Item → Rollback Plaque III
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards yet again, the server burned to bits, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. August 2015

Item → E-Z Rod
Item → Equip this and then use bait on water next to you to go fishing! All you have to do is wait for a bite, and then punch the fish before it escapes! If you miss, your bait is wasted, so punch fast. This is a beginner's fishing rod - it keeps fish on the line twice as long as other rods, so it's easy as pie.

Item → Licorice Rod
Item → Equip this and then use bait on water next to you to go fishing! All you have to do is wait for a bite, and then punch the fish before it escapes! If you miss, your bait is wasted, so punch fast. This delicious fishing rod gets bites twice as often as other rods.

Item → Shiny Flashy Thing
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. The shiny stuff appeals to larger fish than Wiggly Worms do.

Item → Salmon Eggs
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. These eggs catch mid-sized fish.

Item → Fishing Fly
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. The dancing action of these lures can even attract large fish.

Item → Shrimp Lure
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. There is no fish too big to enjoy a shrimp lure.

Item → Whizmo Gizmo
Item → This is bait for fishing with three high-tech features: it appeals to all sizes and types of fish, it homes in on the largest fish around, and special filtering fins keep it from hooking on anything other than a fish!

Item → Electric Eel
Item → It's always a shock to find you've caught one of these on your line. Place it in your world to share the feeling with others.

Item → Whale
Item → This is a 1 lb. Whale. Don't be fooled just because you caught this while fishing - this giant of the ocean is a mammal. And shame on you for catching it! They're endangered!

Item → Catfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Catfish. I really don't know why they call these fish catfish. Weird.

Item → Perch
Item → These fish are named for the strange way that they tend to hang in mid-air, like solid objects you can stand on. Try it, you can't knock one down no matter how hard you jump on it!

Item → Dogfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Dogfish. Dogfish are a type of shark, and they are so named because they hunt in packs, like dogs do. It has nothing to do with their appearance, which is entirely fishlike and not canine at all.

Item → Gar
Item → This is a 1 lb. Gar. That doesn't even sound like a real word.

Item → Mahi Mahi
Item → This is a 1 lb. Mahi Mahi. The fish so nice they named it twice.

Item → Sunfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Sunfish. If there's one fish that can brighten your day, this is it.

Item → Bass
Item → This is a 1 lb. Bass. Don't drop the bass. You'd hurt it.

Item → Goldenrod
Item → Equip this and then use bait on water next to you to go fishing! All you have to do is wait for a bite, and then punch the fish before it escapes! If you miss, your bait is wasted, so punch fast. This enchanted rod will catch 25% bigger fish than normal.

Item → Fishing Hat
Item → Congratulations on winning the Fishing Frenzy Daily Challenge! With this hat on, there's a 5% chance to not use up your bait when you fish (I mean, there's a bunch of extra bait right there on the hat!).

Item → Tackle Box
Item → You keep all your bait for fishing in here. Unfortunately, it's on a timed lock, so it can only be opened once every two days.

Item → Firefighter Helmet - Red
Item → Protect your head from falling embers, or occasionally falling buildings!

Item → Firefighter Helmet - Yellow
Item → Protect your head from falling embers, or occasionally falling buildings!

Item → Oxygen Mask
Item → Strap this on when people start tossing rotten eggs. You'll be much happier.

Item → Firefighter Boots
Item → Finally, the technology exists to protect your feet from fire without exposing them to dangerous asbestos! Wear these for fire safety.

Item → Firefighter Pants - Red
Item → These pants are made of stylish rubber to ensure you are as overheated as possible while standing in a burning building.

Item → Firefighter Pants - Yellow
Item → These pants are made of stylish rubber to ensure you are as overheated as possible while standing in a burning building.

Item → Firefighter Jacket - Red
Item → Is it hot in here? Throw on a jacket!

Item → Firefighter Jacket - Yellow
Item → Is it hot in here? Throw on a jacket!

Item → Pocket Lighter
Item → You just want to watch the world burn. Use this on any tile, whether you own it or not, to set it on fire.

Item → Water Balloon
Item → Throw this to splash water over a wide area, putting out fires.

Item → Fire Hose
Item → Where is the other end of this hose plugged in? I don't know, but it has an infinite supply of water! This does no damage to blocks at all, but it puts out fires with great ease!

Item → Fire Truck
Item → For the sake of your fellow Growtopians, we limited the siren. But you can still enjoy the flashing lights!

Item → Fire Ax
Item → Chop your way into burning buildings to rescue puppies! This device is not licensed for any other use.

Item → Firehouse
Item → This building provides protection against all fires! It can put out any fire in your world in seconds.

Item → Floating Leaf
Item → This magic leaf can float you around. Just cuz.

Item → Soul Harvester Mask
Item → Feast on their souls!!

Item → Solar Collector
Item → This biomechanical device accumulates solar energy all day long. Then, when you plant a tree in your world, the stored energy is pumped into the tree, growing it to 25% of full growth instantly!

Item → Autumn Viney Block
Item → It may seem obvious, but I'll say it anyway: this block is viney, but turning red and gold.

Item → Autumn Viney Wallpaper
Item → It's like you're lost in the jungle! In the middle of October!

Item → Autumn Leaf Block
Item → If you don't like it, you can make like this block and leaf. In the fall.

Item → Dried Leaf Crown
Item → Handle with care or you're gonna end up with potpourri instead of the Heralded Crown Of Autumn.

Item → Musical Gong
Item → If somebody bangs this while you are performing, it means your act is bad and you should feel bad. On the other hand, it plays a nifty tune!

Item → Highly Combustible Box
Item → This box is made of gasoline-soaked balsa wood. It's a really bad design. If it gets lit on fire, it will burn up instantly. A few select items can be tempered by fire though. Perhaps you could store them inside and see what happens when it burns?

Item → Skeletal Shark
Item → This is a 1 lb. Skeletal Shark. This is what happens when you don't feed your fish.

Item → Ghost Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Ghost Fish. There's nothing spooky about this fish, it's just the kind where you can see through it a bit. Kinda weird, though.

Item → Demon Angler
Item → This is a 1 lb. Demon Angler. This is a demonic fish, not a fish that angles for demons. I figured the teeth and eyes made that obvious.

Item → Otherworldly Bait
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. This bait actually travels through a wormhole into a dark dimension and catches things there, instead of in the water. Bad things.

Item → Cursed Fishing Rod
Item → Equip this and then use bait on water next to you to go fishing! All you have to do is wait for a bite, and then punch the fish before it escapes! If you miss, your bait is wasted, so punch fast. You will suffer mysterious effects when catching fish with this rod. Beware the curse!

Item → Eldritch Flame
Item → The seething fires of the underworld are at your command! Throw this in somebody's world to start a bunch of fires and really annoy them.

Item → Flaming Cape
Item → This cape burns eternally with eldritch fire. It's also lined with asbestos, so you're all good. Probably.

Item → Ghost Costume
Item → Nothing spookier than a bedsheet with two holes cut in it!

Item → Chainsaw Hand
Item → If you ever get a possessed hand and have to lop it off at the wrist, here's a handy replacement for it! Also good for ice sculpture.

Item → Cape Tatters
Item → This bit of cloth is black on one side and blood-red on the other. If you had 25 of these, you might be able to make a really spooky cape!

Item → Inside-Out Vampire Cape
Item → You accidentally made your cape inside-out!

Item → Black Aura
Item → I'm pretty sure it's a bad sign when your aura is this color.

Item → Hellgate
Item → It seems like the destination of this portal is obvious, but actually you can choose any place you like with your Wrench.

Item → Riding Demon Dog
Item → It's just like a horse... except PURE EVIL.

Item → Teeny Devil Wings
Item → Even as tiny as they are, these wings allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Teeny Wing Fragment
Item → This is about an eighth of a Teeny Devil Wing. So if you had 16 of these, you could make a pair of Teeny Devil Wings!

Item → Soul Orb
Item → This orb devours the souls of anything it touches - Growtopians, blocks, trees, whatever!

Item → Dark Magic Barrier
Item → This demonic energy field only lets the right people through.  Wrench it to adjust settings like any other doorway.

Item → Combusted Box
Item → This box done combusted.

Item → Stethoscope
Item → Congratulations on winning the Doctor's Duel Daily Challenge! With this Stethoscope on, you are half as likely to make mistakes in surgery!

Item → Super Logo - Crown
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume since you won the Card Clash Daily Challenge! With this logo on, you get +2 health during card battles!

Item → Wolf Spirit
Item → Congratulations on winning the War of Wolves Daily Challenge! With this spirit equipped (it is a back item, by the way), you can double jump, and the guidance of the Wolf Spirit will improve your Wolfworld rewards (usually).

Item → Wolfy Block
Item → This is the wolfiest block available with current technology.

Item → Challenge Crown
Item → Congratulations! You were #1 in a Daily Challenge! Show off with a shiny crown.

Item → Ring Of Savings
Item → Congratulations on winning the Carnie Contest Daily Challenge! With this ring equipped, you save 10% on Golden Ticket prices (pay 90 rarity per ticket, or get 33 per World Lock).

Item → Challenge Board
Item → Wrench this board to see the situation with the Daily Challenge!

Item → Cosmic Cape
Item → This cape sparkles and very very rarely finds leftover Comet Dust in blocks you break when it's not The Night Of The Comet!

Item → Rainbow Crystal Block
Item → Congratulations on winning the Crystal Crusher Daily Challenge! Enjoy this rainbowlicious block. Don't you just wanna lick it? Also, if you smash a Harmonic Crystal that is sitting on this block, there's a 20% chance of getting back one of the crystals you put into it.

Item → Cosmic Power - Comet Strike
Item → This is a Cosmic Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Cosmic Cards aren't used, they just have an effect as long as they are in your hand. Card effect: 25% chance of doing 1 extra damage whenever your card counters the opponent's.

Item → Cosmic Power - Star Burst
Item → This is a Cosmic Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Cosmic Cards aren't used, they just have an effect as long as they are in your hand. Card effect: When you are hit for more than 1 damage at once, the opponent is blasted for 1 damage.

Item → Cosmic Power - Lunar Barrier
Item → This is a Cosmic Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Cosmic Cards aren't used, they just have an effect as long as they are in your hand. Card effect: When you are at or below 25% life, there's a 25% chance to deflect damage done to you.

Item → Cosmic Power - Nebula Gas
Item → This is a Cosmic Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Cosmic Cards aren't used, they just have an effect as long as they are in your hand. Card effect: When your cards are countered, there's a 25% chance that your card works anyway.

Item → Transdimensional Vaporizer Ray
Item → This is a highly advanced alien device with one purpose: it can fire right through solid matter to vaporize background blocks without doing any harm to the foreground blocks. It uses alien batteries which we can't replace, so each Vaporizer can only be used once.

Item → Carnival Pinwheel
Item → Enjoy the beauty of this spinny pinwheel.

Item → Sword And Shield
Item → This is a classic warrior's combo - a nice cutlass for your main hand, and a shield in the other. The shield makes you harder to knock back!

Item → Twin Swords
Item → Why waste time with a shield? Just get two swords!

Item → Preppy Blonde Hair
Item → I think you've got just enough gel in there to go to the sock hop with Buffy!

Item → Pet Slime
Item → Nothing cuter than a sentient ball of slime that follows you around!

Item → Strawberry Slime
Item → So much tastier than the mucus flavor!

Item → Angry Unicorn Block
Item → This block is angry, and prominently features a unicorn.

Item → Legal Briefs
Item → Not only are these comfortable undergarments for everyday use, they also have a legal use: put them on when you are in trouble for Malpractice, and you'll be freed from your punishment! This uses up the briefs.

Item → Ring Of Smithing
Item → To be honest, this ring doesn't really do anything. Well, that is unless you want to smith something. Then you're definitely gonna need to wear this!

Item → Anvil
Item → You can forge astounding weapons on this, if it's next to a Forge that's been heated to 1,000 degrees, and you have Smithing Tools, and wear a Ring of Smithing and a Blacksmith's Apron. Oh, and have some item you want to smith. If you've got all that, go ahead and use the item on the anvil!

Item → Blacksmith's Apron
Item → This apron is made of heavy leather, making it very effective for protecting you from stray sparks when forging things.

Item → Crystal Smithing Tools
Item → These are the perfect tools for doing blacksmithing work... provided you don't mind the fact that crystal tools shatter when used.

Item → Blade Fragment
Item → This is a broken piece of a sword blade. It's of a low-quality steel and could stand to be tempered.

Item → Shield Fragment
Item → This is a broken piece of a shield. If you had enough of these, you could probably forge them into a new shield!

Item → Tempered Steel Fragment
Item → This is a beautiful tempered steel fragment of a sword blade. If you had enough of these, you could probably forge them into a new sword blade!

Item → Sword Pommel
Item → This is a lovingly crafted sword pommel. If only there were a blade to attach it to!

Item → Sword Blade
Item → This is a lovingly crafted sword blade. If only there were a pommel to attach it to!

Item → Warrior's Shield
Item → This is a lovingly crafted shield. But you can't punch blocks with a shield. Maybe you can combine this with a weapon to make a complete set?

Item → Forge
Item → You can use this to forge astounding weapons, if you have an Anvil next to it. You'll also need to fuel it with something really hot.

Item → Nuclear Fuel
Item → You can feel your cells mutating just being near this lump of radioactive garbage. About the only thing this is good for is firing up a forge to ridiculous levels of heat.

Item → Gift of the Unicorn
Item → The unicorn has gifted you great wisdom! The wisdom is thus: If you stick this wisdom, 2 Sword Pommels, and 2 Sword Blades, into a Laboratory and SCIENCE them... well, let's just say it'll be super cool.

Item → Giving Tree
Item → "Borrowed" from the Growch's private reserve, this magnificent tree will give you a gift every 4 hours for the duration of Winterfest!

Item → Giving Tree Stump
Item → This will regrow into a Giving Tree in a while.

Item → Tree Decorations
Item → All sorts of baubles and gewgaws to adorn your Giving Tree in true Winterfest style! One decoration won't do much, but you can toss up to 100 decorations on each tree! More decorations will logically result in better gifts, but taking the gift will remove all the decorations with it!

Item → Lumber Axe
Item → This axe is precisely balanced to chop down trees in just a single hit! Now, you might not be impressed since you can do that with your bare hands already. But wait - this axe can chop down the GROWCH'S trees! Of course, doing that will shatter it. They're very special trees.

Item → Axe Fragment
Item → This is a broken piece of an axe blade. It's not very high quality, perhaps it could be tempered.

Item → Icy Heart Of Winter
Item → You've found the Growch's icy heart! No wonder he's so mean - it's not even in his body! That's a major medical problem that would upset anyone.

Item → Icy Heart Pickup
Item → Players pick up an Icy Heart of Winter by touching this.

Item → Axe Of Winter
Item → Mittens are recommended when wielding this icy monstrosity, which does extra damage to blocks.

Item → Moose Cap
Item → This beautifully styled hat, suitable for all formal occasions, has the unique property of attracting wild meese to follow you around.

Item → Candy Cane Bait
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. This is the only bait that is its own hook! It catches unique seasonal fish that other bait doesn't appeal to.

Item → Neon Squid
Item → This is a 1 lb. Neon Squid. This squid glows in neon colors! What a fine holiday gift it would make.

Item → Antarctic Icefish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Antarctic Icefish. These fish have the ability to survive in antarctic waters because they actually have antifreeze in their blood! It's science, google it.

Item → Gingerbread Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Gingerbread Fish. You know how you can dunk cookies in milk? This one was dunked in the ocean. Kinda gross.

Item → Swedish Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Swedish Fish. This breed of fish is unique to the waters of Sweden, and it has a surprisingly sweet taste when eaten raw. Don't eat yours though, it's a pet.

Item → Snowcone
Item → Yum, fruit flavors poured into ice! At least it's yum until all the flavoring gets sucked out.

Item → Toboggan
Item → This sled was called "Onion Bulb" by its original owner, but you can call it whatever you want. It comes with a free purple blanket to keep your legs warm!

Item → Winter Wind
Item → Place this anywhere you want the wind to come ripping through and push players around! The wind blows in the direction that you would blow air when placing it, so you can place it either way.

Item → Snowflake Block
Item → Just one exceptionally large snowflake, perfectly preserved in lucite. I don't know how they did it, but it's nice and slippery!

Item → Winter Robe
Item → Be the King of Winter in this luxurious satiny robe! Note: this is a "chest item", like a necklace, so you can wear any shirts and back items you want underneath it.

Item → Magical Carrot
Item → With just a touch of winter magic, it's really not that hard to bring a snowman to life. I don't know why more people don't do it!

Item → Hot Chocolate
Item → Mmm, sweet and toasty, with marshmallows! This not only warms your insides, but it also contains a massive dose of delicious iodine to clear out any radiation you're currently suffering from. Inexplicably it also charges up Geiger Counters when consumed. I can't explain that one.

Item → Tempered Axe Fragment
Item → This is a broken piece of an axe blade, tempered to polished steel! With enough of these, and a suitable source of enraged winter fury, you could forge an amazing icy axe blade.

Item → Icy Axe Blade
Item → This blade is enchanted with winter magic! You could build an awesome weapon with a pair of these and a handle... well, it'd be awesome if you could hold it. Maybe you need something to protect your hands when holding it.

Item → Steel Axe Handle
Item → This thing has a nice heft, and handy notches for inserting up to two axe blades. The only real downside is that it's made entirely of metal, so if you were to place, say, magical ice blades in it, the cold would be transmitted right to your hand, and you wouldn't be able to hold it.

Item → Grip Tape
Item → This is handy for wrapping around the handle of a weapon or tool. It can improve your grip, as well as protect you from cold metal handles.

Item → Riding Winter Wolf
Item → It's just like a horse... except soft and fuzzy!

Item → Weather Machine - Snowy Night
Item → Man, the weather outside is frightful! And dark!

Item → Elf Stockings
Item → This is really just long underwear. You probably should wear pants over them, but hey, Growtopia doesn't support that, so you'll just have to be cold!

Item → Sock On The Wall
Item → You need to wash your socks. This one stuck to the wall!

Item → Steam Gear
Item → This is a cog in a vast steam machine. Or it can be, if you build one, with this in it! This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power.

Item → Steam Tubes
Item → Tubes for directing steam power. This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. Steam flows straight when possible, otherwise it turns right (and turns left if it can't do that!).

Item → Steam Piston
Item → Steam power makes it go whump whump whump. This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power.

Item → Steam Lifter Piston
Item → Steam power makes it go whump whump whump up and down. This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power.

Item → Steam Bellows
Item → Steam power makes it go eenk-oonk-eenk (pardon the technical terminology). This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power.

Item → Steam Riser Bellows
Item → Steam power makes it go eenk-oonk-eenk up and down (pardon the technical terminology). This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power.

Item → Steam Stomper
Item → Jump on this to shoot steam below it! Use the other Steam Blocks to direct the steam where you need it.

Item → Growtopia Fan Shirt
Item → This amazing psychic shirt can actually display your thoughts with spectacular new morphing ink technology. Note: yeah, it just says the one thing, but you know you're thinking it.

Item → T-Shirt Cannon
Item → Powered by a Fuel Pack on your back, this gun can launch free T-shirts at your fellow Growtopians! Don't waste shots at anything else, it still burns fuel!

Item → Ghost Fan Shirt
Item → You like ghosts? No? Sure looks like you do.

Item → Pineapple Fan Shirt
Item → Who doesn't pineapple GT?

Item → Steam Valve
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. If steam enters this block from the top or bottom, it will go out the bigger side, and the valve will flip for the next time.

Item → Steam Organ
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. When steam passes through this block, it plays beautiful music! Use your wrench to adjust what note comes out.

Item → Steam Vent
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. When steam passes through this block, it vents some out with intense heat! Do not touch this for 3 seconds after steam has been through.

Item → Steam Door
Item → Punch it to open or shut it. But even if you don't have access to do that, you can still open and shut it with steam power!

Item → Steampunk Corset
Item → Tired of always choosing the survival of your internal organs over looking skinny? The corset is the thing for you!

Item → Steampunk Skirt
Item → Multiple layers of petticoats keep you warm!

Item → Steampunk Top Hat
Item → Keep an extra pair of goggles up there. You never know when you'll need them.

Item → Steampunk Waistcoat
Item → The perfect garment for housing a pocketwatch, monocle, and perhaps taxidermy needles. Definitely some weird stuff in those pockets.

Item → Steampunk Leggings
Item → Works equally well for a steampunk or a pirate! Or maybe a dancer from the 80's.

Item → Steampunk Trenchcoat
Item → Keep warm on those frosty London evenings in this stylish piece by Grow Couture! Note: this is a "chest item", like a necklace, so you can wear any shirts and back items you want underneath it.

Item → Party Blaster
Item → Take the party with you every where you go!

Item → Tempered Party Tunes
Item → This is a highly polished bit of music. So shiny! Enough of these might be able to forge a relic from ancient times past...

Item → 80's Tape Deck
Item → Wow, this is some seriously old technology. It's no good without a suitable power source and some speakers to rock out of.

Item → D Battery
Item → A portable source of a tiny amount of power.

Item → ERROR!
Item → Please contact support to fix this item!

Item → Steampunk Sprocket
Item → There's not a lot of difference between a sprocket and a gear. But this is a sprocket.

Item → Steampunk Gearbox
Item → It's a box full of sprockets and gears and whatnots! It's probably part of an awesome steampunk creation.

Item → Stretched Canvas
Item → It's not the prettiest decoration for your world, but it's probably got some other good uses.

Item → Silkworm
Item → A cute little pet for you to feed and care for! They'll eat almost anything, but don't forget to give them water too. Use your wrench to change your pet's name.

Item → Silk Thread - Red
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Green
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Blue
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Black
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - White
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Grey
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Yellow
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Purple
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Thread - Aqua
Item → A single thread isn't very useful. Get 100 of these to stitch a bolt together!

Item → Silk Bolt - Red
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Green
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Blue
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Black
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - White
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Grey
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Yellow
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Purple
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Silk Bolt - Aqua
Item → Sew silk items by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Sewing Machine
Item → Use Silk Bolts on this machine to sew them together into finished products. You'll need 3 bolts of cloth, and you'll have to sew them in the right order, using the right type of stitching!

Item → Silk Turban
Item → Cover up that hair!

Item → Patchwork Mess
Item → An experiment in sewing gone horribly wrong.  This is just a bunch of silk stitched together in random directions.

Item → Silk Vest - Red
Item → A snappy vest suitable for any occasion.

Item → Silk Vest - Green
Item → A snappy vest suitable for any occasion.

Item → Silk Vest - Blue
Item → A snappy vest suitable for any occasion.

Item → Silk Vest - Purple
Item → A snappy vest suitable for any occasion.

Item → Silk Vest - Grey
Item → A snappy vest suitable for any occasion.

Item → Silk Vest - Black
Item → A snappy vest suitable for any occasion.

Item → Silk Tie - Red
Item → You will command respect in this power tie!

Item → Silk Tie - Yellow
Item → You will command respect in this power tie!

Item → Silk Tie - Black
Item → You will command respect in this power tie!

Item → Silk Tie - Blue
Item → You will command respect in this power tie!

Item → Silk Tie - Grey
Item → You will command respect in this power tie!

Item → Silk Skirt - Red
Item → A classic look, available in a variety of colors.

Item → Silk Skirt - Blue
Item → A classic look, available in a variety of colors.

Item → Silk Skirt - Aqua
Item → A classic look, available in a variety of colors.

Item → Silk Skirt - Black
Item → A classic look, available in a variety of colors.

Item → Silk Skirt - White
Item → A classic look, available in a variety of colors.

Item → Silk Skirt - Purple
Item → A classic look, available in a variety of colors.

Item → Country Flag
Item → Place this anywhere to proudly display your country's flag!

Item → Lovebird Pendant
Item → Pip pip! This little bird will follow you around forever, because it loves you. Or at least it loves that necklace, and possibly wants it back.

Item → Booty Chest
Item → Store your treasures inside by dropping them! When it's closed, the items are hidden. Punch to open it.

Item → Love Potion #8
Item → This potion isn't FDA approved for use on humans yet, maybe a later version will be. But spray a rock with it to upgrade it into a WAY better rock.

Item → Golden Booty Chest
Item → Smash it for Valentine's goodies! Every year the Golden Heart Crystal is locked in time and remains constant, appearing at the same frequency throughout the ages, while new items change and fade with the passage of time.

Item → Sour Lollipop
Item → Zing! This is one tart little lollipop.

Item → Sweet Lollipop
Item → Mmm! This is one sweet little lollipop.

Item → Pink Marble Arch
Item → This rich marble comes from the hills of Cupidia, and our finest artisans have carved it into this sturdy arch.

Item → Silkworm Toy
Item → Whee! Silkworms love to play with these. Whatever they are.

Item → Steam Collector
Item → If steam enters this block, it will be held there for up to 20 seconds. The collector will hold as much steam as it takes to shoot it out of every output (except the one that the last steam entered from), and then shoot them all out. I hope that makes sense. Try it!

Item → Steam Scrambler
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. If steam enters this block, it will exit in a random legal direction.

Item → Dark Cult Hood
Item → When you reach level 7 in the cult, like Jairrocket, your eyes get glowy.

Item → Serpent Staff
Item → St. Patrick wandered around Ireland with one of these. It scared away all the other snakes because they saw it and thought he was constantly strangling a snake.

Item → Roasted Cobra
Item → Deep fried on a stick! This tasty treat is found at your local county fair, obviously.

Item → Cobra Statuette
Item → This beautifully carved image of a cobra has 2 sockets for gems in the eyes.

Item → Yellow Diamond
Item → Flawlessly cut by our master gemologists, enjoy this transcendent jewel, an heirloom to last a lifetime.

Item → Potato Couch
Item → If you feel like a couch potato, there's no better place to relax than a potato couch.

Item → Potato
Item → There's no end of ways to make these tasty... fry em, bake em, roast em, grill em. Just don't forget the salt!

Item → Lucky Pendant
Item → This pendant symbolizes two snakes eating themselves. Whatever that means, it also causes a luck dragon to follow you around! Note: it's the dragon that's lucky, not you. I guess you're just lucky to get to hang around with it!

Item → Catch-of-the-Day Bait
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. This bait won't catch anything but the Catch of the Day, which changes each day. Fish have a chance to escape, though! Bonus: Fish caught this way can be larger than the normal maximum size!

Item → Rainbowfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Rainbowfish. Nobody knows where the name of this fish came from, it's quite mysterious.

Item → Totally Legit Bunnyfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Totally Legit Bunnyfish. Amazing! You have caught the incredibly rare, elusive, and completely real Bunnyfish! There's nothing fake about this fish at all!

Item → Seahorse
Item → This is a 1 lb. Seahorse. This rare fish is very hard to keep in an aquarium, requiring careful feeding and cleaning, and a constantly maintained temperature. Lucky for you, this is a videogame, and you can just dump it in and forget about it.

Item → Mutant Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Mutant Fish. Looks like the comet's radiation has caused unfortunate mutations in the wildlife. You gotta wonder what it's doing to you...

Item → Riding Bumblebee
Item → You're too heavy for this bee to fly, but it can help you jump an extra time.

Item → Spring Crown
Item → Keep it watered or you'll end up with a crown of thorns instead of the Heralded Crown Of Spring.

Item → Weather Machine - Spring
Item → Punch this to enjoy springtime weather, anytime! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Lobster Trap
Item → Put this in deep water, load it up with 5 of any type of bait, and wait... Come back and check the trap by punching it occasionally. It may be days before an animal will wander in! You just better hope they don't wander back out with your bait.

Item → Lobster
Item → This is a 1 lb. Lobster. Who ever decided that a giant ocean spider would be something tasty to eat? Shudder.

Item → Purple Shore Crab
Item → This is a 1 lb. Purple Shore Crab. These guys are pretty crabby.

Item → Alaskan King Crab
Item → This is a 1 lb. Alaskan King Crab. Strange thing about this crab: Alaska isn't actually a monarchy.

Item → Dungeonist Crab
Item → This is a 1 lb. Dungeonist Crab. This crab comes armed for dungeon exploration!

Item → Crawdad
Item → This is a 1 lb. Crawdad. Whether you call them crawfish, crayfish, crawdads, or even mudbugs, it's really just a little tiny lobster.

Item → Hermit Crab
Item → This is a 1 lb. Hermit Crab. Stay off of its lawn!

Item → Brainflower
Item → Flower power! This flower's roots growing down into your brain make you smarter at finding Magic Eggs in an Egg-Hunting Basket. Who knows, you might even find two sometimes!

Item → Mermaid Tail
Item → You don't need to trade your voice for a pair of legs... just take this off and you're all set! But this tail does make you move faster in the water, and slower on land.

Item → Sushi Knife
Item → This razor-sharp blade has the unique ability to slice fish up into fresh chunks for sushi! Just drop a fish item on a Cutting Board, then attack it with the Sushi Knife!

Item → Fish Chunk
Item → Gross, it's a slimy bit of fresh fish.

Item → Cutting Board
Item → Place poor innocent fish on this and then slice them up with a Sushi Knife!

Item → Rice
Item → The most popular food on Earth has finally come to Growtopia!

Item → Maki Roll
Item → Dude, you know that fish is raw, right?

Item → Spring Bouquet
Item → Aw, a lovely bunch of flowers to share!

Item → Paint Bucket - Red
Item → Brush this rosy shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Yellow
Item → Brush this lemony shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Green
Item → Brush this verdant shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Aqua
Item → Brush this aquatic shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Blue
Item → Brush this cerulean shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Purple
Item → Brush this majestic shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Charcoal
Item → Brush this ebony shade onto blocks with a paintbrush to customize your world's appearance!

Item → Paint Bucket - Varnish
Item → Brush this caustic fluid onto blocks with a paintbrush to wipe off any color you've painted onto them.

Item → Paintbrush
Item → Paint the town a variety of delightful colors with this here brush! Paint not included.

Item → Steam Revolver
Item → Run through this to shoot steam upward! Use the other Steam Blocks to direct the steam where you need it.

Item → Steam Launcher
Item → Stomp on this and... nothing happens! But pump steam into it first to charge it up, and it becomes a steam-powered trampoline!

Item → Red Crayon
Item → This is truly an epic crayon. A little tough to manipulate, though.

Item → Yellow Crayon
Item → The first day of kindergarten, you cried because you broke the yellow crayon and you were too afraid to tell anyone.

Item → Green Crayon
Item → This is truly an epic crayon. A little tough to manipulate, though.

Item → Aqua Crayon
Item → This is truly an epic crayon. A little tough to manipulate, though.

Item → Blue Crayon
Item → This is truly an epic crayon. A little tough to manipulate, though.

Item → Purple Crayon
Item → This is truly an epic crayon. A little tough to manipulate, though.

Item → Saturday Wings
Item → Anulot's bringing in the funk.

Item → Raspberry Beret
Item → This is the kind you find at a second-hand store.

Item → Artist's Smock
Item → Looks like you spilled a little there. No, over there. And there. And the first place you thought I meant.

Item → Goatee
Item → You're either a hipster or an evil twin. Or perhaps ... a hipster's evil twin? How would you know which one was evil!?

Item → Writing Desk
Item → Nowadays people prefer laptops, but sometimes a good old ink and quill is what you need. Those times were all hundreds of years ago, of course.

Item → Arrow Placard
Item → This sign includes a bit of added information - an arrow! The arrow points whichever direction you are facing when you place the sign.

Item → Scroll Bulletin
Item → Lets people communicate by leaving messages to each other.

Item → Gilded Frame
Item → Surround your art with a beautiful frame! Comes with a blank canvas inside if you don't have any art. Note: if your art is made of background blocks, you'll need to apply Block Glue to it to make the frame surround it.

Item → Painting Easel
Item → Wrench this to paint your favorite item on it!

Item → Orange Shirt
Item → I know you dreamed about this since Day 1 of Growtopia. It is finally here. For real. Yes - there is an Orange Shirt, and it's not just a block, you can WEAR IT.

Item → Funtime Block
Item → Wheeeee! This block spins wildly when somebody steps on it.

Item → Weather Machine - Howling Sky
Item → "Howling in shadows, living in a lunar spell, he finds his heaven..." This weather has up to 3 wolves on it, which is an incredible wolf-to-weather-machine ratio you won't find anywhere else.

Item → Homeopathic Medicine
Item → Exactly 100% as effective as real-life homeopathic medicine! These sugar pills are sure to cure what ails you, or my name isn't Xjlgfkvhsnas.

Item → Howling Wolf Emblem
Item → Slap this emblem around your world to show you are one with the wolf!

Item → Charbroiled Wolf Emblem
Item → Why did you burn up your beautiful wolf emblem?

Item → Hero Portrait - Buddy
Item → Hey, that villain was carrying a picture of Buddy, the Growtopia mascot!

Item → Picasso Triggerfish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Picasso Triggerfish. Also known as Hawaii's state fish, the Humuhumunukunukuapua'a. Yes, that's one of my favorite words.

Item → Fish And Chips
Item → Deep fried goodness. Enjoy it with some malt vinegar!

Item → Battle Pet Cage
Item → This is the perfect place to starve and torture your pets, turning them into brutal engines of destruction! Wrench it to insert a pet. Note: you can never remove a battle pet - they've become too dangerous to be set loose! If you destroy a cage with a pet inside, the pet is destroyed!

Item → Axolotl
Item → This is a 1 lb. Axolotl. This isn't a fish, it's actually a salamander. A cute little Mexican salamander!

Item → Battle Leash
Item → This amazing octohedron can actually contain two Battle Pets, primed and ready to strike. Unequip and re-equip to swap which pet is active. Wrench a Battle Pet Cage to load a pet into the Leash. Wrench another player with a Battle Leash to battle them! You must have 2 pets in the Battle Leash to battle.

Item → Pet Trainer
Item → This trainer's stepping on your turf. Take him down with your Battle Leash!

Item → Dark Cave Background
Item → This far-away dirt is speckled with shiny minerals. However, this dirt is in a dark cave (I don't care where you put it, IT IS IN A DARK CAVE!!). Players can only see what's on this tile if it's in their line of sight, or they have special tools.

Item → Steam Engine
Item → Feed Nuclear Fuel to heat this above 500 degrees, and it will generate steam toward the left or right (depending on how it's placed)! Use the other Steam Blocks to direct the steam where you need it.

Item → Lock Mover
Item → Use this fabulous device anywhere in a world you have world-locked to move the World Lock to a new location.  There must be an empty space where you tap for this to work.

Item → Cave Blast
Item → This devastating bomb will create a brand new underground cave world, full of darkness and creepy surprises!

Item → Cave Dirt
Item → Yep, it's dirt. In a cave.

Item → Cave Column
Item → Cave Dirt hooks into this like it's got Block Glue on it, so you can build seamless caverns. These are just fun pillars to hide behind in a cave!

Item → Stalagmite
Item → These dangerous spikes grow from the GROUND (stalaGmite!) as water drips down and accumulates minerals. Cave Dirt will blend into them seamlessly.

Item → Stalactite
Item → These dangerous spikes grow from the CEILING (stalaCtite!) as water deposits minerals on its way to dripping down. Cave Dirt will blend into them seamlessly.

Item → Cave Platform
Item → Handy rock platforms. These connect seamlessly to Cave Dirt and can sit atop Cave Columns as well.

Item → Spelunker's Headlamp
Item → This hardhat protects you from falling rocks, while the headlamp lights up dark caverns.

Item → Night Vision Goggles
Item → Equipping these lets you disregard darkness completely! If you're not in a world you own, they consume 1 D Battery for every minute you wear them. You can wear them without a battery if you just wanna look cool, though. Batteries not included.

Item → Hand Torch
Item → British people would call a Flashlight this, but this is an actual torch, for your hand. As opposed to an Adventure Item or wall torch. Carrying this lights up dark caves. Torches burn out at unpredictable moments, so carry several!

Item → Purple Cave Crystal
Item → These crystals grow naturally in caves. They don't actually glow - bioluminescent organisms feed on them and emit light. Also heat - be careful!

Item → Golden Cave Crystal
Item → These crystals grow naturally in caves. They don't actually glow - bioluminescent organisms feed on them and emit light. Also heat - be careful!

Item → Aqua Cave Crystal
Item → These crystals grow naturally in caves. They don't actually glow - bioluminescent organisms feed on them and emit light. Also heat - be careful!

Item → Climbing Wall
Item → Install this right next to walls. It will add bumps and grooves for Climbing Boots to latch onto, so people can climb the wall with the right tools!

Item → Climbing Picks
Item → These handy picks allow you to climb Climbing Walls. Just jump and hold the arrow towards the wall!

Item → Climbing Boots
Item → These handy boots allow you to climb Climbing Walls. Just jump and hold the arrow towards the wall!

Item → Steam Pipe
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. The big difference is it's behind you so you can walk over it!

Item → Maracas
Item → Shake shake shake your maracas!

Item → Pinata Pal
Item → When you are feeling down and lonely, nothing cheers you up like a rainbow-colored friendly burro filled with candy!

Item → Festive Banner
Item → Whatever occasion you have to celebrate, this banner is sure to make it more celebratory!

Item → Fish Taco
Item → Fresh Baja taste, with a guacamole cream sauce.

Item → Fiesta Dress
Item → Got a festive occasion to celebrate? Pop on this colorful number for a night on the town!

Item → Golden Treasure Hoard
Item → Ooh, smash that pile of gold, jewels and priceless treasure! There's probably something GOOD inside!

Item → Topaz Block
Item → Flawlessly cut by our master gemologists, enjoy this transcendent jewel, an heirloom to last a lifetime.

Item → Deep Iron
Item → Mine this to forge stuff out of Deep Iron!

Item → Deep Iron Ore
Item → This is raw ore, mined from deep within the Earth. Surely there's something you can do with it!

Item → Deep Iron Ingot
Item → You've managed to process this ore into a pure, shining ingot, just by tossing it into a fire!

Item → Pick Blade
Item → This pick blade is forged from Deep Iron, which makes it particularly attuned to pickin' real darn good.

Item → Guardian Pineapple
Item → When activated (punch to activate), this jealous pineapple prevents anyone from using Consumable items in your world.

Item → Pineapple Ring
Item → Watch out, these are really slippery to stand on!

Item → Pineapple Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Pineapple Fish. This SHOULD be known as Hawaii's state fish!

Item → Pineapple Daiquiri
Item → Mmm, this non-alcoholic cocktail is sweet and fruity!

Item → Pineapple Hair
Item → This hair isn't made of pineapple, it's just been dyed and gelled to look like pineapple leaves.

Item → Pet Trainer Cap
Item → This hat says PT on it. You can wear it to show you're a Pet Trainer, but you could also use it to celebrate Physical Therapy, or Popcorn Time, or whatever you like!

Item → Silkworm Leash
Item → You wanna take your Silkworm for a walk? Use this on it! Note: The silkworm will become a permanent pet, no longer able to produce silk. Good news: it will also become immortal!

Item → Silkworm Saddle
Item → Use this on your silkworm to saddle up and ride! Note: The silkworm will become a permanent riding item, no longer able to produce silk. Good news: it will also become immortal!

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Red
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Green
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Blue
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Black
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - White
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Grey
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Purple
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Yellow
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Leashed Silkworm - Aqua
Item → Silkworm on a silk string.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Red
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Green
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Blue
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Black
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - White
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Grey
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Purple
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Yellow
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → Riding Silkworm - Aqua
Item → The more legs your ride has, the smoother it is. Too bad centipedes don't grow this big.

Item → CRISPR Technology
Item → This is not a tasty potato chip. With this cutting-edge genetic technology, you can splice Battle Pets of different elements together! One CRISPR is used up for each cross-element splice you perform.

Item → Genetic Resequencer
Item → Wrench a Battle Pet Cage with a pet inside, and you can use this to resequence their DNA. It will rotate the order of their 3 powers, so that their 1st gene-spliced ability becomes their natural ability, and thus their appearance.

Item → Pet Trainer Medal
Item → Congratulations! You have been awarded a medal for defeating a Pet Trainer!

Item → Whale Block
Item → Whale whale whale, you'll really have to wail on this block to smash it. But you'll have a whale of a time doing it! And what a tail to tell it will be. I'm way ill from all these puns, I'm gonna start blubbering. ORCA.

Item → Pet Trainer Whistle
Item → You know how to battle a Pet Trainer, right? You just put your lips together, and blow this whistle. You might want to have a fully stocked Battle Leash first though, because Pet Trainers won't stay around waiting to fight you forever!

Item → Thinking Cap
Item → They say two heads are better than one. We can't arrange that, but we can get you two of what's inside your head!

Item → Phlogiston
Item → This fantastical substance contains the very essence of living flame.

Item → Lock-Bot
Item → This robot works for Locke. He'll trade you fabulous items for locks!  He'll only stick around in your world for 24 hours before he's needed elsewhere, though.

Item → Lock-Bot Remote
Item → This handy remote will call Lock-Bot to your world at the location you specify. It only works once, so choose wisely! Lock-Bot will leave after 24 hours.

Item → Toy Lock-Bot
Item → It's just like Lock-Bot, only tiny! And he doesn't trade locks, he SHOOTS them.

Item → Burnt Leather
Item → If this was a piece of a pig, you'd call it a pork rind. But it's a cow rind. Strong material for crafting!

Item → Buckle Design
Item → This paper details a method for forging a buckle out of Deep Iron. If you forge 100 Deep Iron Ingots with this design in hand, you'll make an Iron Buckle instead of a Pick Blade.

Item → Iron Buckle
Item → This buckle would be good for holding straps together, if you had a need for such things!

Item → Weather Machine - Heatwave
Item → This amazing new weather machine emits a vortex of howling flame, but if you wrench it, you'll find adjustable settings to control the color of the flames! You can only have one of these per world.

Item → Riding Phoenix
Item → Whoa, you're really sitting in the hotseat now. There are only 500 of these in existence, so don't lose yours!

Item → Red Flip Flops
Item → Bright rubber to protect your feet from pointy shells on the beach!

Item → Green Flip Flops
Item → Bright rubber to protect your feet from pointy shells on the beach!

Item → Blue Flip Flops
Item → Bright rubber to protect your feet from pointy shells on the beach!

Item → Paper Airplane
Item → Toss it and see where it goes! It'll smash if it hits any blocks, so aim carefully. Tap the direction you want to throw it. The further from yourself you tap, the harder you throw.

Item → B.O.O. Shirt
Item → The official uniform of B.O.O. - Battlers Of the Otherworldly. Join today!

Item → B.O.O. Pants
Item → The official uniform of B.O.O. - Battlers Of the Otherworldly. Join today!

Item → Spectral Goggles
Item → The spectrally polarized lenses of these goggles allow you to actually see paranormal activity. Be warned: it is very spooky! But it's there whether you can see it or not... wouldn't you rather know?

Item → B.O.O. Helmet
Item → The trouble with poltergeists is that they're always pushing things off of shelves (side note: cats pose the same problem). That's where the helmet comes in. Protect yourself from falling books and antiques!

Item → Neutron Pack
Item → This backpack contains a portable nuclear reactor. I know that sounds a bit unsafe, but... well, it is. It's a terrible idea. It has blinky lights, though. You'll need to wear a Neutron Pack to power a Neutron Gun.

Item → Neutron Gun
Item → This energy blaster looks impressive, but actually has no impact on our world. Rather, it creates a stream of neutrons that attracts spirits. Ghosts can't escape the beam. Which reminds me: Don't ever cross your beam with somebody else's! That would be bad.

Item → Rubber Boots
Item → These are tight-fitting boots made of a natural rubber that protects from slime while still allowing your feet to breathe.

Item → Ghost Jar
Item → Place this jar down and it will suck in a ghost that's above it. You will probably need some friends with Neutron Guns to keep the ghost contained or it will escape! A jar takes 2 seconds to activate, and then only collects spirits for 5 seconds, so time it carefully.

Item → Ghost-In-A-Jar
Item → Spooky! This jar contains a ghost! You can throw it to break the jar and unleash the ghost, or instead Drop it gently in front of a Spirit Storage Unit, where you can keep the ghost for good.

Item → Spirit Storage Unit
Item → This incredible machine was invented a hundred years ago, and still runs on Steam power! Drop Ghosts-In-A-Jar in front of it, then provide it with Steam power to store the ghosts. Warning: If you overload the device, it may explode!

Item → Destroyed Spirit Storage Unit
Item → An SSU that exploded. No good for anything now.

Item → Ectoplasm Sample
Item → This is an important scientific discovery that could change our understanding of life itself! But you know what'd be fun? Throwing it at somebody.

Item → Crystallized Ghost
Item → This ghost underwent some kind of reaction during a Spirit Storage explosion, and now it's been crystallized inside a solid block. Maybe one day scientists will extract its DNA and make a theme park of ghosts. Probably not, since ghosts don't have DNA.

Item → Warning Block
Item → When something is so dangerous there's no time for words, just throw down some yellow and black stripes!

Item → Warning Background
Item → When something is so dangerous there's no time for words, just throw down some yellow and black stripes!

Item → Demon Control Cap
Item → With this helmet, which is not a colander at all, you can control a demon dog from another dimension!

Item → Haunted Pants
Item → What's that eerie noise coming from in there? These pants must be haunted!

Item → Root Beer
Item → Ah, a cold frosty mug of root beer. The only downside is that all that carbonation is sure to make you burp a tiny bit...

Item → Spray Tan
Item → If you don't want to get cancer from the sun, spray this on your skin to get an ultra-realistic bronze tone! Warning: Causes lots and lots of cancer. Lots.

Item → Shark-Tooth Necklace
Item → I don't know if this is a tooth from every shark you've killed, or each one that's bitten you, but either way it's impressive.

Item → Firefin
Item → This is a 1 lb. Firefin. It's not too tough to figure out where this fish gets its name. During the winter, they stay in warmer waters, but for the week of Summerfest, these can be found in their old spawning grounds right here in Growtopia!

Item → Bone Spikes
Item → Someone has staked a bunch of bones here and sharpened the ends. I know that's dangerous in itself, but aren't you a little more concerned about exactly who did it and where they are now?

Item → Ghost Charm
Item → When activated (punch to activate), this horrific face terrifies even ghosts, preventing new ghosts from appearing in your world. Ghosts that are already in your world still need to be captured by B.O.O. professionals, however. The poor ghosts are trapped on this earthly plane!

Item → Steam Funnel
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. Steam can enter this Funnel from 3 sides, but can only exit from one side. You figure out which!

Item → Steam Funnel - Up
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. Steam can enter this Funnel from 3 sides, but can only exit from one side. You figure out which!

Item → Steam Funnel - Down
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. Steam can enter this Funnel from 3 sides, but can only exit from one side. You figure out which!

Item → B.O.O. Sign
Item → Advertise your ghost-hunting services with this handy sign! You're a proud member of B.O.O., so let everybody know. Use your wrench to set the message.

Item → Data Bedrock
Item → No info.

Item → Shark Tooth
Item → Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the shark dentist...

Item → Atomic Fireball
Item → For when lava just isn't hot enough!

Item → Steam Crossover
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. It's actually 2 unconnected pipes - one runs from left to down, and the other runs from up to right. Use this to keep steam from going places you don't want!

Item → Steam Crank
Item → This links up to other Steam blocks and can conduct steam power. When punched, this pipe rotates between horizontal and vertical. Use your wrench to decide whether to allow the public to adjust it.

Item → Steam Lamp
Item → This crystal lamp is powered by steam! It burns for 10 seconds each time it gets charged. It can only be powered from below.

Item → Steam Spikes
Item → Steam forces razor-sharp spikes from the ground in this dastardly trap! It can only be powered from below. Power it again to lower the spikes.

Item → No-Face
Item → Embarrassed? Feel like hiding your face? How about just removing it instead?

Item → Purple Djellaba
Item → This long robe is suitable for male or female Growtopians, provided they want to look snazzy and colorful!

Item → Yellow Djellaba
Item → This long robe is suitable for male or female Growtopians, provided they want to look snazzy and colorful!

Item → Green Djellaba
Item → This long robe is suitable for male or female Growtopians, provided they want to look snazzy and colorful!

Item → Mini Blocks
Item → These blocks are only 1/4 the size of a normal block! To make up for that, they come in sets of four.

Item → Teeny Blocks
Item → These blocks are only 1/4 the size of Mini Blocks! To make up for that, they come in sets of sixteen.

Item → Jigsaw Wallpaper
Item → Well, that was easy... it's a picture of a jigsaw puzzle!

Item → Riding Broomstick
Item → Which magic makes this fly? Witch magic makes this fly!

Item → Techno Visor
Item → This is handy technology for people who are overwhelmed with modern life - it blocks one of your ears from hearing things, and one of your eyes from seeing things. Just relax and enjoy the left half of the world.

Item → Glowstick
Item → This plastic tube of lethal radioactive elements is the perfect thing to swing around at a party! It also provides light.

Item → Display Shelf
Item → These are some big shelves. Why not display your favorite items on them? They can hold four items to display.

Item → One-Way Block
Item → This block can only be moved through in the direction the arrow is pointing. From the other direction, it might as well be a wall!

Item → VIP Entrance
Item → The fanciest door in town! The only people getting through this door are the ones who are on The List. Wrench the door to add people to The List. Or remove them, if they have offended you in some way.

Item → Rhino Horn
Item → Aw, it thinks you're its mama!

Item → Globe
Item → Add a little class to your office with a globe! You can also wrench it to check the current top worlds.

Item → Challenge Timer
Item → Players can punch this to begin a challenge: get from the Challenge Start Flag to the Challenge End Flag before time runs out! Wrench the timer to set up your challenge and insert prizes.

Item → Challenge Start Flag
Item → Use this with a Challenge Timer. Wrench it to set an ID, so it knows which Challenge Timer to work with.

Item → Challenge End Flag
Item → Use this with a Challenge Timer. Wrench it to set an ID, so it knows which Challenge Timer to work with.

Item → Fish Wall Mount
Item → Proud of your catch, but you don't want the responsibility of caring for it? Mount it to this wall plaque with your wrench! You can only display Perfect or Massive fish on this mount. Once a fish is mounted, it can never be removed.

Item → Octopus Head
Item → This is why aquariums have rules.

Item → Stonefish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Stonefish. This is one of the most poisonous fish in the world! It's also made of rock, which is weird.

Item → Tamago Sushi
Item → Wait, this sushi doesn't even have fish in it!

Item → Portrait
Item → Demonstrating your speed-painting skills by painting pictures of anyone in your world in moments! Wrench the portrait to begin painting. It costs 2 of each color of paint for each painting.

Item → Orca
Item → This is a 1 lb. Orca. You could put this in a fish tank, but then people would probably make documentaries about you. Not flattering ones.

Item → Red Hair Dye
Item → Pour this gunk on your head if you want your hair to be red! It may require multiple applications to achieve the desired color, or mixing with other dyes. The dye interacts with your natural hair color, so some colors may simply be impossible to achieve.

Item → Green Hair Dye
Item → Pour this gunk on your head if you want your hair to be green! It may require multiple applications to achieve the desired color, or mixing with other dyes. The dye interacts with your natural hair color, so some colors may simply be impossible to achieve.

Item → Blue Hair Dye
Item → Pour this gunk on your head if you want your hair to be blue! It may require multiple applications to achieve the desired color, or mixing with other dyes. The dye interacts with your natural hair color, so some colors may simply be impossible to achieve.

Item → Black Hair Dye
Item → Pour this gunk on your head if you want your hair to be black! It may require multiple applications to achieve the desired color, or mixing with other dyes. The dye interacts with your natural hair color, so some colors may simply be impossible to achieve.

Item → Shampoo
Item → Messed your hair up with dyes? Wash it out with the refreshing scent of lime, coconut, wallaby, and pears. Lather, rinse, and repeat - one bottle might not do the job.

Item → Weather Machine - Stuff
Item → It's rainin' stuff! This amazing new weather machine will let you choose any item you have to rain down from the sky! Wrench it to choose your item and adjust other settings. You can only have one of these per world.

Item → Beehive
Item → I feel like this warning is unnecessary, but I'll say it anyway: don't punch a beehive.

Item → Honey
Item → The sweet nectar of bee spit! Bees also craft plastic bear shapes to store it in. Nobody knows why.

Item → Sorcerer Stone
Item → There's a mystical gem embedded in this rock. Heck, there's probably a few in there. Smash it open and see!

Item → Villain Portrait - The Harvester
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of The Harvester for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Cosmic Power - Life Harvest
Item → This is a Rare Cosmic Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Cosmic Cards aren't used, they just have an effect as long as they are in your hand. Card effect: Heal 1 life every time you inflict more than 1 damage.

Item → Super Shirt - Autumn
Item → Fight crime in this mighty leafy leotard!

Item → Muscle Shirt - Autumn
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leafy leotard!

Item → Heroic Tights - Autumn
Item → To be a leafy superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Super Tights - Autumn
Item → To be a leafy superhero, you really need to wear tights of some sort.

Item → Heroic Boots - Autumn
Item → These leafy boots add nothing to your crimefighting skills except to protect you from stray Legos.

Item → Superhero Mask - Autumn
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Crimefighter Mask - Autumn
Item → Protect your secret identity!

Item → Super Cape - Autumn
Item → You're no Heroman, but it's still pretty swell.

Item → Superheroine Top - Autumn
Item → Flex your muscles in this mighty leafy leotard!

Item → Super Eye Mask - Autumn
Item → Protect your secret identity, by hiding the inch of skin around your eyes.  Who could possibly recognize you?

Item → Super Logo - Leaf
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Leaf Lord? Lady Leaf? The Fallen Avenger? It's up to you!

Item → Harvest Witch Mask
Item → Normally this mask is only worn during the most profane of dark rituals, beneath a blood red moon. But you can wear it for shopping, parties, whatever!

Item → Harvest Horn
Item → Don't blow this horn. Never blow this horn. It is evil.

Item → Ancestor Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste. An image of your ancestor is imprinted on the top. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Blue Hanbok Top
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Orange Hanbok Top
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Blue Hanbok Pants
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Orange Hanbok Pants
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Green Hanbok Skirt
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Yellow Hanbok Skirt
Item → These festival clothes are extra festive!

Item → Sunflower Hair Pin
Item → When sunflowers are out of season, stick this plastic replacement in your hair.

Item → Lil' Sheepers
Item → Baa. This little baby sheep will follow you everywhere you go! Mainly because it's tied to your wrist.

Item → Sheep
Item → Baaaaaaa. You can shear a sheep once every few days!

Item → Wool
Item → This is just a blob of wool. Not too useful. Get 100 of these to weave a bolt together!

Item → Wool Bolt
Item → Sew wool items by using this in a sewing machine with silk bolts. It takes 3 bolts of silk or wool to craft an item.

Item → Harvest Robinsons
Item → These special edition Air Robinsons are themed to celebrate the harvest, or just be bright crazy colors, like all basketball shoes.

Item → Silkworm Soul
Item → The great thing about silkworms is that they don't have unique souls. They're totally interchangeable! Jam this into any dead silkworm to bring it back for a 2nd chance.

Item → Telephone
Item → It's a phone! Dial it with your wrench (and try 12345 to start - trust us!). Growtopia doesn't have any cell service, so you're stuck with this old thing.

Item → Wooden Sword
Item → They use these to train in Kendo. They won't cut much, but getting whacked with one certainly does hurt!

Item → Crazy Jim
Item → not a real item, just for an icon in the telephone screen.

Item → Code Block: Kappa
Item → This block looks like a mysterious computronic data reference. But that's just for fun, I'm sure. I mean, this is just a game... isn't it?

Item → Code Block: Charlie
Item → This block looks like a mysterious computronic data reference. But that's just for fun, I'm sure. I mean, this is just a game... isn't it?

Item → Code Block: Ouroboros
Item → This block looks like a mysterious computronic data reference. But that's just for fun, I'm sure. I mean, this is just a game... isn't it?

Item → Code Block: Edamame
Item → This block looks like a mysterious computronic data reference. But that's just for fun, I'm sure. I mean, this is just a game... isn't it?

Item → Wool Scarf
Item → Your neck is toasty warm. Maybe you should put some pants on too.

Item → Sheep Shears
Item → This handy tool is a lot more effective at cutting wool than your fingers are, so you can get twice as much when you use it to shear a sheep!

Item → Illuminati Stone
Item → Finally, 100% undeniable proof! You have DISCOVERED THE TRUTH!!

Item → Fossil Rock
Item → This rock seems to have a fossil embedded in it. Maybe you could crack it loose if you tap very carefully with a Rock Hammer. There is a rumor, as old as time itself, that having a busy world will generate more Fossil Rock. The Growtopia Archaeological Society have officially announced that this is totally untrue. Time to bury that rumor, once and for all!

Item → Fossil Boulder
Item → This rock seems to have a fossil embedded in it. Maybe you could crack it loose if you tap very carefully with a Rock Hammer. There is a rumor, as old as time itself, that having a busy world will generate more Fossil Boulder. The Growtopia Archaeological Society have officially announced that this is totally untrue. Time to bury that rumor, once and for all!

Item → Deep Fossil Rock
Item → This rock seems to have a fossil embedded in it. Maybe you could crack it loose if you tap very carefully with a Rock Hammer. There is a rumor, as old as time itself, that having a busy world will generate more Fossil Rock. The Growtopia Archaeological Society have officially announced that this is totally untrue. Time to bury that rumor, once and for all!

Item → Fossilroid
Item → This rock seems to have a fossil embedded in it. Maybe you could crack it loose if you tap very carefully with a Rock Hammer. There is a rumor, as old as time itself, that having a busy world will generate more Fossilroid. The Growtopia Archaeological Society have officially announced that this is totally untrue. Time to bury that rumor, once and for all!

Item → Alien Fossil Rock
Item → This rock seems to have a fossil embedded in it. Maybe you could crack it loose if you tap very carefully with a Rock Hammer. There is a rumor, as old as time itself, that having a busy world will generate more Fossil Rock. The Growtopia Archaeological Society have officially announced that this is totally untrue. Time to bury that rumor, once and for all!

Item → Igneous Fossil Rock
Item → This rock seems to have a fossil embedded in it. Maybe you could crack it loose if you tap very carefully with a Rock Hammer. There is a rumor, as old as time itself, that having a busy world will generate more Fossil Rock. The Growtopia Archaeological Society have officially announced that this is totally untrue. Time to bury that rumor, once and for all!

Item → Igneous Rock
Item → Igneous rock is formed through the cooling and solidification of magma or lava.

Item → Rock Hammer
Item → A precision instrument for chipping fossils out of rocks. If you find a fossil, equip this hammer and start tapping - but do it *carefully!* If the fossil comes loose and you hit again, you'll break it!

Item → Rock Chisel
Item → So you've extracted a fossil from a rock, but the rock is still in your way. That's where the chisel comes in! It lets you chip away the rock without damaging the fossil.

Item → Fossil
Item → A corpse from millions of years ago, turned to stone. It's still covered with a lot of stone, so we're not sure what it is just yet. Try cleaning it off in a Fossil Prep Station.

Item → Fossil Prep Station
Item → Put a fossil in this tank where special solvents and bacterial agents will slowly dissolve any remaining rock and reveal exactly what you've found. The time required varies anywhere from an hour to a day depending on how much needs dissolving. The light turns green when it's ready, so punch to collect!

Item → Ammonite Block
Item → A huge beautiful ammonite fossil has been extracted! It'd make a lovely coffee table.

Item → Dino Ribcage
Item → It's a bit grisly, but these enormous bones make kind of a fun set of monkey bars...

Item → Dinosaur Mask
Item → This is how you would look if a dinosaur snuck up behind you and swallowed you, but you got stuck in his throat. It's really a bad situation for everyone involved.

Item → Ancient Plant Seed
Item → This seed from the ancient past is completely intact - there may still be some DNA inside! Plant DNA, but still that's exciting, right?

Item → Amber Block
Item → This ancient tree sap has hardened into a beautiful crystal. Who knows, there might even be a mosquito inside holding dinosaur DNA! That's pretty standard for amber.

Item → T-Rex Skull
Item → This would make an impressive display in your museum! Even more impressive in your haunted house.

Item → Red Pet Pteranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Pterosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Pteranus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Pteratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Apatodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Apatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Apatos Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Apatoceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Tyranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Tyranopatos
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Tyrannosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Tyranotops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Triceradon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Tripatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Tricerus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Red Pet Triceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Pteranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Pterosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Pteranus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Pteratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Apatodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Apatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Apatos Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Apatoceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Tyranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Tyranopatos
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Tyrannosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Tyranotops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Triceradon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Tripatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Tricerus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Green Pet Triceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Pteranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Pterosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Pteranus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Pteratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Apatodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Apatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Apatos Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Apatoceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Tyranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Tyranopatos
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Tyrannosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Tyranotops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Triceradon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Tripatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Tricerus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Brown Pet Triceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Pteranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Pterosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Pteranus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Pteratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Apatodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Apatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Apatos Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Apatoceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Tyranodon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Tyranopatos
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Tyrannosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Tyranotops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Triceradon
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Tripatosaurus
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Tricerus Rex
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → Grey Pet Triceratops
Item → You've brought a dinosaur back to life with genetic engineering! There's no way that this could go badly!

Item → DNA Processor
Item → This advanced device from Growtech can take in strands of ancient DNA and combine them to create real living creatures. It has terrifying ethical implications.

Item → Dino DNA Strand A-273
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. All we know for sure is it came from a dinosaur. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That doesn't seem like a terrible idea at all.

Item → Dino DNA Strand C-904
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. All we know for sure is it came from a dinosaur. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That doesn't seem like a terrible idea at all.

Item → Dino DNA Strand G-137
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. All we know for sure is it came from a dinosaur. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That doesn't seem like a terrible idea at all.

Item → Dino DNA Strand T-658
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. All we know for sure is it came from a dinosaur. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That doesn't seem like a terrible idea at all.

Item → Plant DNA Strand X-277
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. All we know for sure is it came from a plant. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That actually sounds pretty safe, since it's a plant.

Item → Plant DNA Strand Y-985
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. All we know for sure is it came from a plant. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That actually sounds pretty safe, since it's a plant.

Item → Prehistoric Flowering Fern
Item → Welcome... to Jurassic Botanical Garden.

Item → Prehistoric Red Fern
Item → It's sad to think about where this grows.

Item → Prehistoric Fern
Item → Nature always finds a way.

Item → Purple Devourer Plant
Item → This is what happens when you give a prehistoric flower a taste for magic bacon!

Item → Blue Devourer Plant
Item → This is what happens when you give a prehistoric flower a taste for magic bacon!

Item → Prehistoric Vines
Item → You can hide from rampaging dinosaurs in these vines.

Item → Prehistoric Candy Vines
Item → You can try to hide from rampaging dinosaurs in these vines, but you'll probably get eaten because the vines themselves taste like candy.

Item → Seussian Tree
Item → These particular trees, near the Jurassic seas, produced quite a crunchety fruit. Though scientists say that it tasted okay, we can't pollinate so it's moot.

Item → Flowersaurus Rex
Item → You monster, what fresh horror have you wrought?!!? Has science gone too far?

Item → Blue Riding Raptor
Item → I know, they're supposed to have feathers and stuff nowadays... Well, this is an old-school raptor!

Item → Brown Riding Raptor
Item → I know, they're supposed to have feathers and stuff nowadays... Well, this is an old-school raptor!

Item → Red Riding Raptor
Item → I know, they're supposed to have feathers and stuff nowadays... Well, this is an old-school raptor!

Item → Golden Riding Raptor
Item → I think this raptor has more World Locks than you do.

Item → Raptor DNA Strand Alpha
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. It appears to be the beginning of a velociraptor DNA sequence. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That doesn't seem like a terrible idea at all.

Item → Raptor DNA Strand Omega
Item → This is a strand of prehistoric DNA. It appears to be the tail end of a velociraptor DNA sequence. Perhaps there's a way to recombine it and bring them back! That doesn't seem like a terrible idea at all.

Item → DNA Extractor
Item → This experimental device can extract prehistoric DNA from objects which contain even small traces. To give it a try, just use an item on it and see what you find! This is very new technology, so results are unpredictable, and rarely successful.

Item → Stone Spear
Item → In ancient times, sticks and stones were about as good as it got. The upside is it's a magic stone - this spear will teleport back into your hand once thrown!

Item → Blue Hardhat
Item → Head protection is required in construction areas, and at some dig sites.

Item → Outback Hat
Item → G'day! Barbie! Shrimp! That's not a knife, it's a hat! These hats are popular among paleontologists and other desert dwellers.

Item → Fossil Brush
Item → You can use this to gently brush a fossil before you pick it up, improving its quality. A Fossil Brush will be destroyed upon use (fossils are very rough until you brush them!). If you pick up a fossil, your finger oils will make a Fossil Brush useless, so be sure you brush before collecting!

Item → Polished Fossil
Item → This fossil has been carefully polished, so it's sure to yield something good when run through a Fossil Prep Station!

Item → Heatbow
Item → This bow shoots flaming arrows!

Item → Doompunk Corset
Item → Internal organs rotted away? The corset should fit you fine!

Item → Doompunk Skirt
Item → Multiple layers of petticoats keep you warm when stalking your prey!

Item → Doompunk Top Hat
Item → Keep an extra pair of goggles up there. You never know when you'll need them for evil.

Item → Doompunk Waistcoat
Item → The perfect garment for housing a pocketwatch, monocle, and perhaps poison needles. Definitely some evil stuff in those pockets.

Item → Doompunk Leggings
Item → Works equally well for a doompunk or a pirate! Or maybe a serial killer from the 80's.

Item → Doompunk Trenchcoat
Item → Keep warm while stalking people on those frosty London evenings in this stylish piece by Grow Couture! Note: this is a "chest item", like a necklace, so you can wear any shirts and back items you want underneath it.

Item → Eye Of Growganoth
Item → This accursed necklace binds one of the eternal and innumerable Eyes of Growganoth to your service. Just make sure you don't take *your* eye off of it - at the first sign of weakness, it will devour your soul!

Item → Apocalypse Steed
Item → The four horsemen have updated to more modern steeds. They're probably gonna be pretty mad when they find out you swiped one.

Item → Jack o' Lantern Mask
Item → Luckily this is just latex and not actually a gooey carved-out pumpkin.

Item → Devil Tail
Item → Why you little devil...

Item → Buzzsaw
Item → This is how your shop teacher lost those fingers.

Item → Rickety Wallpaper
Item → So this is what the inside of a haunted house looks like!

Item → Rickety Window
Item → So this is what the inside of a haunted house looks like! Plus, you can see outside of it from here.

Item → Rickety Door
Item → Finally, your chance to escape this haunted house! Wrench the door to set the destination.

Item → Death's Scythe
Item → Careful where you swing that thing.

Item → Demon Chariot
Item → This thing goes pretty fast for a vehicle with only 2 horsepower. 

Item → Logarithmic Wheel
Item → You know what a really good weapon is? A wagon wheel. Yeah, I mean... yeah.

Item → Demonic Skull
Item → Just the thing for showing your appreciation of the darker musicks.

Item → Death Metal Block
Item → Throw up the horns! METAL!!!!!

Item → Steel Spike
Item → Hey, these things have a million uses! I can't think of any right now, but they totally do. Just don't leave them inside surgical patients, please.

Item → Tempered Steel Spike
Item → This spike is so much shinier now! Classy enough to wear to the Halloween Ball.

Item → Spiked Collar
Item → Ah yeah, you look tough, like a junkyard dog.

Item → Malevolent Hair
Item → What are you up to under that mop-top? Seems like something a little sneaky...

Item → Riding Raven
Item → Only dark magic could breed a raven so massive. It's so powerful it allows you to double-jump!

Item → Haunted Darkness
Item → It's pitch black inside this haunted house! Players can only see what's on this tile if it's in their line of sight, or they have special tools.

Item → Haunted Window
Item → It's so dark in here, only the window provides any relief! Players can only see what's on this tile if it's in their line of sight, or they have special tools.

Item → Haunted Door
Item → Finally, your chance to escape this haunted house! Wrench the door to set up a creepy question players must answer to go through.

Item → Sheet Music: Spooky
Item → If you aren't in range of a Boombox, this will play a spooky sound for you. There are 14 different sounds, depending on where you place it vertically. Try them all!

Item → Stone Pagoda
Item → There's no better place for a Grand Tournament than in a pagoda!

Item → Master Peng Stonework
Item → Isn't Master Peng awesome? This stonework blends in with Stone Pagoda blocks.

Item → Paper Wall
Item → This wallpaper is a paper wall.

Item → Stone Pagoda Roof Element
Item → Stick this at the ends of your pagoda roofs. It doesn't serve any functional purpose, but it sure looks nice. Just make sure you put it the right way or it'll be floating in midair.

Item → Decorative Roof Dragon
Item → Just for looks. Make your pagoda roofs spikey with dragons! Not so spikey they hurt, though.

Item → Grand Jade Platform
Item → Something stylish to stand on. Try decorating it with Decorative Roof Dragons!

Item → Stone Pagoda Base
Item → This is a special piece - it looks just like the bottom row of a Stone Pagoda, and it even tiles properly with Stone Pagoda blocks. The trick is, it won't tile with ones below it. Use it to put a roof in the middle of your pagoda! Kind of a key feature of pagodas, right? It will also tile with Decorative Roof Dragons.

Item → Demonic Horns
Item → Mahhtin looks like Tim Curry.

Item → Master Peng
Item → Master Peng runs The Grand Tournament. Don't mess with him. But punching is how he likes to be greeted, so one punch is cool.

Item → Tourney Token
Item → Your reward for victory in The Grand Tournament. Put it in the Prize Ladder to win fabulous prizes!

Item → Wooden Pagoda Wall
Item → For a warmer look to your pagoda, try wood. Also, you can walk in front of it, which stone is less forgiving about.

Item → Wooden Pagoda Window
Item → See what's outside your pagoda!

Item → Wooden Pagoda Door
Item → Like any door, you can wrench it to set the destination.

Item → Wooden Pagoda Roof
Item → This is a roof for your wooden pagoda. Unlike the Wooden Pagoda Wall, this is solid, so it's safe to stand on.

Item → Prize Ladder
Item → Players can put Tourney Tokens in here to push their luck in winning prizes.

Item → Tournament Ticket
Item → This ticket allows you entry into one Grand Tournament. Visit Master Peng in the world TOURNAMENT to enter the tournament. You can battle as many times as you wish in the current tournament, but when it ends, your ticket will self-destruct.

Item → Punched Tournament Ticket
Item → Your ticket has been punched! You can battle in the current Tournament as many times as you like. The ticket will self-destruct when the tournament ends. Don't lose it, or you can't battle anymore!

Item → Snack Fu
Item → Master Ping, Master Peng's brother, runs Snack Fu, providing delicious and exotic treats to everybody watching the tournament!

Item → Ramune
Item → This fizzy lemon-lime drink is sure to result in some major burps.

Item → Pow Stones
Item → This carbonated candy crackles and pops in your mouth. Don't worry, it's probably not made from real rocks. Warning: DO NOT COMBINE WITH SODA. Super duper true urban legends verify that this is dangerous.

Item → Extractium Ore
Item → This mysterious element has strange properties which seem to make DNA extraction more successful!

Item → Extractium Shard
Item → This mysterious element seems to be present in small quantities in ancient fossils. Maybe you can combine these shards into a piece large enough to have a measurable effect on something!

Item → Tournament Banner
Item → Wrench this to find out key info about the Grand Tournament!

Item → Jade Portcullis
Item → Lock out the ruffians with this decorative gateway.

Item → Weather Machine - Pagoda
Item → Wow, it's pagoda season already? They're sprouting up everywhere! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Non La
Item → This conical straw hat is useful for full sun protection, as well as carrying stuff!

Item → Minor Otherworldly Bait
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. This bait actually travels through a wormhole into a dark dimension and catches things there, instead of in the water. Minorly bad things.

Item → Lesser Otherworldly Bait
Item → This is bait for fishing. Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait on water that you are standing next to in order to start fishing. This bait actually travels through a wormhole into a dark dimension and catches things there, instead of in the water. Lesser bad things.

Item → Penguin Mask
Item → Wanna be as COOL as Master Peng? Not gonna happen. But you can wear this mask and look like a dork.

Item → Mini-Peng
Item → Master Peng is so swift, he can appear to be in multiple places at once. But in the extra places, he looks very small.

Item → Pet Fox
Item → THE CUTENESS IS KILLING ME.

Item → Popcorn
Item → Uh oh, drama! Somebody bust out the popcorn.

Item → Wasabi Peas
Item → Yowza, those are some spicy peas!

Item → Present Goblin Disguise
Item → Disguises you as a Present Goblin, bringer of joy.

Item → Toy Train
Item → Chugga chugga CHOO CHOO!

Item → Stuff-4-Toys Box
Item → Drop stuff in here, and we'll donate toys to needy Growtopians!

Item → Letter Block - Zerp
Item → This is a letter block, like you played with when you were a kid! This particular one has the letter Zerp on it. But I don't need to tell you that, you can just read it!

Item → Letter Block - Forg
Item → This is a letter block, like you played with when you were a kid! This particular one has the letter Forg on it. But I don't need to tell you that, you can just read it!

Item → Letter Block - Wump
Item → This is a letter block, like you played with when you were a kid! This particular one has the letter Wump on it. But I don't need to tell you that, you can just read it!

Item → Letter Block - Doozle
Item → This is a letter block, like you played with when you were a kid! This particular one has the letter Doozle on it. But I don't need to tell you that, you can just read it!

Item → Hideous Holiday Sweater
Item → Your grandma thinks you look adorable in this.

Item → Winter Turtleneck
Item → Celebrate Winterfest in cozy style, with no worries of chin-freeze.

Item → Yo-Yo
Item → It's a disc on a string. Try smacking stuff with it!

Item → Meh, Bunny Mask
Item → MrMehMeh likes carrots.

Item → Meh, Bunny Suit
Item → MrMehMeh stores the carrots he eats here.

Item → Rubber Band Airplane
Item → Toss it and see where it goes! It'll smash if it hits any blocks, so aim carefully. Tap the direction you want to throw it. The further from yourself you tap, the harder you throw.

Item → Stuff-4-Toys Shirt
Item → Stuff-4-Toys is offering these stylish t-shirts to all Silver level donators!

Item → Present Goblin Home Edition
Item → Dress up as a Present Goblin for fun! You won't automatically drop presents, but it's festive year-round! This costume overrides all other clothing, but if you don't like tossing tennis balls, try equipping other sportsballs with it!

Item → Solsascarf
Item → Solsagann is tossing out yesterday's baguettes! They are quite stale.

Item → Stuff-4-Toys Tote Bag
Item → Tote around your shopping with our fabulous tote bag. It lets everybody know you are serious about donating Stuff for Toys.

Item → Betty Bluetooth Doll
Item → This high-tech doll is the big craze this Winterfest! Everybody wants a remote-controlled doll that fires deadly lightning bolts!

Item → Surg-E
Item → This robot is an amazingly accurate human analog (just look at it!), capable of simulating a wide range of disease and trauma conditions. Place it anywhere and wrench it to perform surgery just like on a human being. Since you have to cut into it, it's only usable once, win or lose.

Item → Caduceus
Item → This symbol is your reward for saving someone with surgery. You can trade them for rare surgical prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785. Double-tap this in your inventory to combine 100 of them into a Golden Caduceus.

Item → Golden Caduceus
Item → This is worth 100 Caducei (that's the plural of Caduceus, I looked it up!). Double-tap this in your inventory to break one back down into 100 Caducei. You can trade these for rare surgical prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785.

Item → Golden Dragon Statue
Item → Congratulations, you won the Grand Tournament!

Item → Silver Dragon Statue
Item → Congratulations, you placed in the top 3 of the Grand Tournament!

Item → Jade Dragon Statue
Item → Congratulations, you placed in the top 10 of the Grand Tournament!

Item → Surgical Pins
Item → Used only in surgery. When a bone is absolutely shattered, you need to use pins to put it back together. A splint won't do it! Can only be used once you've opened an incision, of course.

Item → Surgical Transfusion
Item → Used only in surgery. If a patient's blood supply gets dangerously low, this will fill 'er up!

Item → Surgical Defibrillator
Item → Used only in surgery. If a patient's heart stops (which can happen when they are anesthetized), zap them with this to fire it up again.

Item → Surgical Clamp
Item → Used only in surgery. This can reduce a patient's bleeding significantly, but without closing up their incisions, like Surgical Stitches will do. You can only use this when you have open incisions.

Item → Surgical Ultrasound
Item → Used only in surgery. This detailed scan can inform you of any broken bones, tumors, or other physical issues within the patient's body. Use this right away to diagnose the problem!

Item → Surgical Lab Kit
Item → Used only in surgery. This kit will identify different microbes that could be present in the patient. Use it right away to diagnose any bacterial or viral issues. You cannot use Surgical Antibiotics until you've used a Lab Kit to identify the bacteria you're fighting.

Item → Empty Surgery Tray
Item → Not a real item, just used for an icon.

Item → Autoclave
Item → Wrench this device to clean your surgical instruments. And by "clean", we mean exchange 20 of one instrument for 1 of every other instrument.

Item → Biotronic Brain Enhancer
Item → This advanced cybernetic technology will increase your mental capacity, granting you 50% more XP (on average) for half an hour.

Item → Plague Doctor Mask
Item → There was a time when actual medical professionals would go out on the streets wearing this. It was a creepy, creepy time.

Item → Plague Doctor Hat
Item → Rumpled and frumpy, really showing your dedication to your craft.

Item → Plague Doctor Robe
Item → This robe is intended to protect you from pestilence. Sadly, it was invented in pre-scientific times, so all it really protects you from is cold weather.

Item → Living Dead Remote
Item → You just couldn't accept your patients' deaths. And now you've created an abomination, haven't you? What has your foul science wrought?!

Item → Spare Body Part
Item → Oh, nobody's even gonna notice this is missing, I'm sure. They had at least two of these when they came in.

Item → Spare Body
Item → Wow, you had all the right parts to make a spare body! You never know when this might come in handy.

Item → Limb Connector
Item → This horrible twisted spikey thing could surely jam some limbs together if you needed to do that. For some reason.

Item → Water Spirit Necklace
Item → Zfert's got spirit!

Item → Massive Fang
Item → Imagine the size of the wolf this came from!

Item → Howler
Item → This seemingly harmless statue actually launches deadly sonic blasts. Wrench it to set the rate of fire! You can place as many Howlers as you like, but only 10 blasts can exist at a time, so if you have a lot, most of them will just sit there.

Item → Fuzzy Pants
Item → Ah, classic fuzzy pants.

Item → Gemmin' Juice
Item → Got your mind on your gems and your gems on your mind? Start sippin' on Gemmin' Juice! It gives you a 10% chance of getting double gems from any blocks you break for 30 minutes. Consumed when used.

Item → Wolf Skull Shoulders
Item → Three heads are better than one, even if two of them are empty and skinless.

Item → Wolf Gate
Item → Punch it to open or shut it. Anyone unlucky enough to be caught inside when it closes gets wolfed down.

Item → Wolf Ticket
Item → This ticket is your reward for completing Wolfworld. You can trade them for rare Wolfworld prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785. Double-tap this in your inventory to combine 100 of them into an Enchanted Wolf Ticket.

Item → Enchanted Wolf Ticket
Item → This is worth 100 Wolf Tickets. Double-tap this in your inventory to break one back down into 100 Wolf Tickets. You can trade these for rare Wolfworld prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785.

Item → Sales-Man Standee
Item → The perfect way to advertise your wares - with a cardboard cut-out of Sales-Man himself! Scientifically proven to drive conversions and increase ROI.

Item → Sales Shades
Item → Cover your eyes, the savings are simply too glorious to behold!

Item → Ghost Wolf Monocle
Item → This monocle is haunted by the spirit of an ancient wolf! That's more common than you'd expect among monocles.

Item → Challenge of Fenrir
Item → Your prowess in the Wolfworld has caused Fenrir himself to challenge you! Use this summons on All Howl's Eve to enter the halls of Valhowla. Once inside, you'll have only 3 minutes to search for the 4 treasures. And don't forget Climbing Boots and a light source!

Item → Party Screamer
Item → Blow this horn to let everybody know where the party is! It's like a super broadcast, only you can't control what you say, because this party be OFF THE CHIZZY!!

Item → Valhowla Treasure
Item → Treasures for players to collect in Valhowla.

Item → Party Popper
Item → Get the party started with a blast of streamers!

Item → Party Bunting
Item → Dress the place up a little for our anniversary party!

Item → Party Fowl
Item → Whoa dude, major party fowl. You earned this for playing Growtopia for THREE YEARS, and over 300 hours, and reaching level 50! Wow, that's dedication.

Item → IIII Block
Item → It's Growtopia's fourth anniversary! Celebrate with this classic pewter-plated design reminiscent of the Roman numeral 4. Yes, you can write 4 as IIII instead of IV, that's a real thing!

Item → Party Cake
Item → This tastes so good it just makes you want to dance!

Item → Head Bangin' Steel Wolf
Item → This robotic wolf rocks hard. Punch to activate, wrench to adjust settings.

Item → Pink Bunting
Item → Fancy the place up a little with some lovely pink fabric.

Item → Blue Bunting
Item → Fancy the place up a little with some lovely blue fabric.

Item → White Bunting
Item → Fancy the place up a little with some lovely white fabric.

Item → Green Bunting
Item → Fancy the place up a little with some lovely green fabric.

Item → Yellow Bunting
Item → Fancy the place up a little with some lovely yellow fabric.

Item → Red & White Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Green & Yellow Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Blue Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Black Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Heart Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Pink Cat As A Hat
Item → Oh, the places you'll go wearing this hat! You can wear it on the train, or in the rain, or... well, actually don't wear it in the rain, it'll shrink.

Item → Blue Cat As A Hat
Item → Oh, the places you'll go wearing this hat! You can wear it on the train, or in the rain, or... well, actually don't wear it in the rain, it'll shrink.

Item → Grey Cat As A Hat
Item → Oh, the places you'll go wearing this hat! You can wear it on the train, or in the rain, or... well, actually don't wear it in the rain, it'll shrink.

Item → Orange Cat As A Hat
Item → Oh, the places you'll go wearing this hat! You can wear it on the train, or in the rain, or... well, actually don't wear it in the rain, it'll shrink.

Item → Gruel
Item → This bland flavorless mush is not delicious. The only nice thing about it is that you can feed it to a Silkworm without changing its color!

Item → Pegasus
Item → If you were a pegasus, you'd spend all your time flying too. Why walk on those teeny legs? Those mighty wings allow you both to double jump, too.

Item → Golden Pegasus
Item → If you were a pegasus, you'd spend all your time flying too. Why walk on those teeny legs? Those mighty wings allow you both to double jump, too.

Item → Heart Glasses
Item → The world just looks like a lovelier place through these rose-colored glasses.

Item → Loveseat
Item → Legs getting tired? Have a seat!

Item → Golden Heart Glasses
Item → The world just looks like a more expensive place through these gold-tinted glasses.

Item → Chocolate Heart
Item → Chocolate heals all wounds. Emotional wounds that is. It is pretty useless for broken bones. And really it doesn't do much for emotional problems either, it just tastes good.

Item → Valentine Dress
Item → Dress for the occasion!

Item → Ruby Shard
Item → Watch out, this is a really sharp fragment of Ruby. It seems strangely magnetically attracted to other shards like it. Maybe if you got 200 of them together, they'd fuse into something! Yeah, that's how reality works!

Item → Ruby Lock
Item → Locks an entire world. And looks lovely doing it. There's a 1% chance each day that a rock in the world will become Heartstone! More rocks do not increase the chance.

Item → Chemsynth Processor
Item → Place a row of 10 Chemsynth Tanks to the right of this machine, and then wrench it to use GrowTech's new synthetic chemical creation technology! Patent pending.

Item → Chemsynth Tank
Item → You'll need to attach this to the right side of a Chemsynth Processor to get any use out of it. You'll need 10 attached to a Chemsynth Processor, in fact.

Item → Chemsynth Centrifuge
Item → Use on a highlighted Chemsynth Tank to rotate chemicals around it. Rotates as many from the right as it can to match how many are to the left of the selected Tank.

Item → Chemsynth Replicator
Item → Use on a highlighted Chemsynth Tank to duplicate its contents, pushing all chemicals to the right to make room.

Item → Chemsynth Catalyst
Item → Use on a highlighted Chemsynth Tank to shift its color upward on the spectrum (Red, Yellow, Green, Blue, Pink, Red). This also affects all touching tanks of the same color.

Item → Chemsynth Solvent
Item → Use on a highlighted Chemsynth Tank to dissolve it, shifting chemicals left to fill in the gap. A random chemical is added in the rightmost tank.

Item → Chemsynth Stirrer
Item → Use on a highlighted Chemsynth Tank to swap the chemicals on either side of it with each other. The selected tank is unaffected.

Item → Synthetic Chemical
Item → This chemical was created in a lab. Its properties are virtually untested!

Item → Gruesome Marker
Item → Use these sort of like Doors - They have IDs, so Doors can lead to them, though you can't travel from them. Use your wrench to set their ID.

Item → Skeletal Throne
Item → Looks like you're the new king of the zombies! Or somebody with four legs died here.

Item → Zombie Brain
Item → Ew, this is a brain that popped out of a zombie's head! Maybe Sales-Man wants it. You sure don't. Double-tap this in your inventory to combine 100 of them into a Pile of Zombie Brains.

Item → Pile of Zombie Brains
Item → Ew, these are all brains that popped out of zombies' heads! Maybe Sales-Man wants them. You sure don't. Double-tap this in your inventory to split it up into 100 Zombie Brains.

Item → Mutated Seed Core
Item → This is an immature mutated seed. It'll mature into a mutated seed if you log out and back in!

Item → Zombie Defense Force Helmet
Item → This helmet covers your vital brain region from zombie attack. Unfortunately, zombies only need to punch you to infect you, so it's not terribly useful.

Item → Zombie Defense Force Uniform
Item → This is the official uniform of the Zombie Defense Force! It has lots of pockets for your lip balm, candy, paper clips, and other key zombie-fighting tools.

Item → Zombie Defense Force Pants
Item → You could just wear any green pants and you probably wouldn't get in trouble, but these have a cool Z logo sewn into the inside waistband.

Item → Camouflage Facepaint
Item → They'll never see you coming. Unless they look anywhere other than your face. At least you might freak them out - "Ah, it's a guy with no face!!"

Item → AK-8087
Item → The ultimate zombie-slaying weapon. Or pumpkin-slaying.

Item → Barricaded Door
Item → This door has been barricaded, so zombies can't get through it, only normal Growtopians! Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Infected Door
Item → Yuck, this door has horrible zombie slime on it. Nobody but a zombie would dare enter it. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Zombie Sign
Item → This sign is written in Zombese, so humans can't read it, only zombies!

Item → Retinal Scan Data Repository
Item → This data system can store useful information, but the retinal scan prevents zombies from accessing it. Only humans can!

Item → Skull Launcher
Item → The ultimate zombie weapon. Actually, the only zombie weapon - you can use this while you're a zombie! (Also usable by humans)

Item → Rainbow Kite
Item → The most colorful kite in all of Growtopia!

Item → Zombie Hound
Item → Braaainnss! This little puppy just wants to play! Or maybe he's hungry... hmmm...

Item → Crazy Zombie Hair
Item → The undead use a lot of hairspray.

Item → Objective Marker
Item → Use these sort of like Doors - They have IDs, so Doors can lead to them, though you can't travel from them. Use your wrench to set their ID.

Item → Infected Block
Item → This block is pulsing with g-Virus infection. It should be safe to smash, just wash your hands afterward.

Item → Weather Machine - Apocalypse
Item → Feeling nostalgic for the end of the world? Let's bring it back! With this weather active, somebody in your world will get infected with the g-Virus every hour, and players can kill zombies in your world, with the appropriate weapon. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → g-Virus Info Sign
Item → Anybody can wrench this sign to see the current status of the g-Virus epidemic. Remember to wash your hands!

Item → Mutated Cell
Item → Strange mutated cells collected during the Zombie Apocalypse. If you combine 200 of them, you might be able to create new mutant life...

Item → Chainlink Fence
Item → The flimsiest and cheapest way to keep zombies out. Unfortunately this fence is in front of Growtopia, so it only keeps zombies from getting into the game from outside of the screen, which is a pretty unlikely situation.

Item → Z.D.F. Fence
Item → Let the zombies know what they're in for if they trample your fence! The Z.D.F. is ready to rumble!

Item → Rusted Chainlink Fence
Item → It won't take zombies long to get through this fence!

Item → Commercial Oven
Item → Real chefs do their cooking in GrowTech Ovens like this - 2 bays, with individual heat settings up to 11,000 K. And a warming drawer! Wrench it for information.

Item → Chef's Whites
Item → Spotless! Until you actually start cooking.

Item → Chef's Cap
Item → A real chef doesn't wear the big poofy hat... this cap keeps your hair out of your eyes and out of the food without catching on fire regularly.

Item → Chef's Pants
Item → These are made of plastex polymer... all the sauce you spill on them just rolls right off! Onto your shoes.

Item → Butcher Knife
Item → This heavy blade is perfect for hacking through bones. Use it on a Cutting Board to chop up meat!

Item → Unearthly Synthoid
Item → It's completely synthetic life! Not of this Earth!

Item → Radioactive Synthoid
Item → It's completely synthetic life! Burning with radiation!

Item → Mysterious Synthoid
Item → It's completely synthetic life! How mysterious!

Item → Haunted Synthoid
Item → It's completely synthetic life! Possessed by synthetic unlife!

Item → Untrade-a-Box
Item → This amazing box can store all those pesky untradeable items! Only the World Lock owner can use it, and the World Lock can't be traded or destroyed while an Untrade-a-Box is in the world.

Item → Wobbly Dress
Item → It's difficult to tell whether Bungbi's dress is made of candy, or just styled to look like it...

Item → Lucky Portal
Item → This portal isn't actually lucky unless you set a destination for it that is lucky. So it's really up to you!

Item → Lucky Kitty
Item → This kitty sits in your world, constantly waving, and reminding you of how lucky you are to have a kitty in your world.

Item → Unlucky Kitty
Item → Don't cross this kitty's path.

Item → Bamboo
Item → Bamboo is a sign of luck. It's also a grass!

Item → Ladybug Leaf
Item → Ladybugs are considered lucky, so consider yourself lucky that you found this sweet leaf that's making one follow you around!

Item → Cosmic Rain
Item → This is what they call "hard radiation". That of course means it's so solid you can't jump up through it. You can however drop down, since it's moving down!

Item → Shamrock Hair Pin
Item → Carry the luck of the Irish on your head! Only found in Blarney 6 and 8.

Item → Golden Razor Wings
Item → Slice through the air with the greatest of ease! And double jump.

Item → Cosmic Sky Horse
Item → This winged beast hails from a distant star system. Those mighty wings let you move fast, but they're not strong enough to double jump (living in space has atrophied its muscles).

Item → Bridle Design
Item → This paper details a method for forging a bridle out of Star Iron. If you forge 100 Star Iron Ingots with this design in hand, you'll make a Cosmic Bridle. This consumes the design.

Item → Star Iron
Item → This is raw ore, mined from the heart of a comet. Surely there's something you can do with it!

Item → Star Iron Ingot
Item → You've managed to process this ore into a pure, shining ingot, just by tossing it into a fire!

Item → Cosmic Bridle
Item → I'm pretty sure this bridle is some kind of alien technology. Now what can you do with it?

Item → Hover Platform
Item → Cosmic energy keeps these platforms aloft. Who knows what keeps the wooden ones up?

Item → Spaceman Pants
Item → I don't know why, but most alien cultures insist on wearing clothes made of tin foil.

Item → Spaceman Suit
Item → I don't know why, but most alien cultures insist on wearing clothes made of tin foil.

Item → Synthetic Oculum
Item → The human eye sees a limited spectrum. Replace yours with these synthetic models! They transmit visual data direct to your central cortex. Unfortunately they also make you look cross-eyed.

Item → Cranial Lagomorph
Item → Don't be alarmed, but there may be a bunny on your head...

Item → Bunny Slippers
Item → Snuggle your feet!

Item → Cardboard Egg
Item → It's a classic photo op! Stand behind it and pretend you're a newly hatched chick. Fun for the whole family!

Item → Salsa
Item → This item doesn't really exist, it's just for cooking.

Item → Flour
Item → We've ground it up, and bleached out all the nutrients! It's not really edible anymore, but it's a key ingredient in deliciousness.

Item → Lettuce
Item → Crisp and green, no calories, no flavor. Just like we like it!

Item → Salt Block
Item → Deer like to lick this. The pink coloration in it is from trace minerals in the salt.

Item → Salt
Item → The greatest thing since sliced bread - and even sliced bread would be pretty bad without some salt in it.

Item → Pepper
Item → Would you be surprised to learn that this is a fruit? It's true!

Item → Sugar
Item → Pro-tip: if you can resist it, never ever eat this substance. It is very unhealthy. But it's sooooo gooood.

Item → Disgusting Mess
Item → This abomination is what happens when you let video gamers cook. Do NOT eat.

Item → Bland Mush
Item → This is not even food. Nobody would eat this.

Item → Beef
Item → A big ol' juicy T-bone. Well, an O-bone. Is that a thing?

Item → Ground Beef
Item → Now with 11% fewer hooves!

Item → Food Grinder
Item → The high speed blades and crushers in this device can grind up some foods into more ground-up foods! Just tap your food on the Food Grinder to begin.

Item → Pepper Tree
Item → The spiciest of trees. Well, I guess there's also cinnamon. Probably a lot of spices grow on trees, huh? I regret this entire description.

Item → Bacon
Item → Bacon. It's raw though, don't eat it.

Item → Chicken Meat
Item → This item is often known as Chicken Of The Land. According to mermaids.

Item → Zraei's Dragoscarf
Item → When a normal scarf isn't enough... This dragon will assist you, granting Enhanced Digging, but only if you don't have it already. Sponsored by Bretz and Zraei - first to complete all epic quests!

Item → Homemade Fish Taco
Item → Homemade Baja taste, with fresh pico de gallo. Food Buff: Gain 1 Gem for every 5lbs. your fish catches weigh.

Item → Apple Strudel
Item → Fresh from the oven! Food Buff: Trees you plant grow 5% faster.

Item → Berry Crepes
Item → It's the really thin pancakes you love so much! Just say it! Food Buff: 30% more XP earned from Surgery.

Item → BBQ Bacon Burger
Item → The king of burgers. Food Buff: Get 100 gems for every Villain you defeat.

Item → Beer-Battered Fish And Chips
Item → Deep fried goodness. Food Buff: Catch 5% larger fish!

Item → Onion
Item → Ah, don't cry! It's just a vegetable.

Item → Arroz Con Pollo
Item → In English, that's rice with chicken. Creative! Food Buff: 10% chance of a gem every time you break a block.

Item → Egg Wallpaper
Item → Bring the springtime indoors with our classic line of wallpapers.

Item → Mini Mallard
Item → Ducks instinctively follow their mothers around. This one just follows you because it's tied to your wrist, though.

Item → Baking Chocolate
Item → This chocolate is ready for all your baking needs! It's not sweet though, don't eat it.

Item → Mac n' Cheese Star
Item → Your reward for incredible cooking skill! You can trade them for cooking prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785. Double-tap this in your inventory to combine 100 of them together.

Item → Plethora Of Mac n' Cheese Stars
Item → This is worth 100 Mac n' Cheese Stars. Not even Growdon Ramsley has this many! Double-tap this in your inventory to break one back down into 100 Stars. You can trade these for rare surgical prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785.

Item → Mac n' Cheese Star Block
Item → Now you can decorate your world with Mac N' Cheese Stars! Show off your incredible cooking skill.

Item → Home Oven
Item → Toss in some food and cook it up! This oven actually works! Wrench it for info.

Item → Master Chef's Oven
Item → This oven is custom-built for you because of your incredible cooking skill. It works so well, you can be lazy - it will produce edible food at 50% quality or higher. Wrench it for information.

Item → Chemist's Goggles
Item → The perfect eyewear for doing chemistry! Grants a 10% chance to not consume a chemical when you use a Chemsynth tool.

Item → Marshmallow
Item → Bouncy and delicious. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → TXMom's Crown
Item → Be honored to wear this beautiful crown. Sponsored by TXMom.

Item → Kudo's Carriage
Item → Your winged friends are happy to help you double jump! Sponsored by Kudobelle.

Item → Audio Gear
Item → Wanna get crazy with music? This solid block works like Sheet Music, but with your Wrench, you can adjust the volume and play up to 5 simultaneous notes.

Item → Audio Rack
Item → Wanna get crazy with music? This passable block works like Sheet Music, but with your Wrench, you can adjust the volume and play up to 5 simultaneous notes.

Item → Sheet Music: Sax Note
Item → If you aren't in range of a Boombox, this will play a saxophone note for you. Put it in different places for different pitches.

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Sax
Item → This plays a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Sax Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Sax
Item → This plays a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Sax Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Repeat Begin
Item → This marks where your song should begin repeating. You'll need a Sheet Music: Repeat End in the same row to actually repeat. You can add more pairs in other rows to repeat multiple times, or repeat other sections.

Item → Sheet Music: Repeat End
Item → This marks where your song should repeat a section. The music marker will jump back to the most recent Sheet Music: Repeat Begin that's in the same row (or the beginning of the song if not). If you need to repeat a section more than once, put Repeat pairs in multiple rows.

Item → Saxamaphone
Item → You can't punch when holding this, you're too busy ROCKING! Punch anywhere to play music. If you punch to your left or right, you can bend the note higher or lower. Punch in your own column to play the same notes that Sheet Music: Sax Note plays.

Item → Hazmat Boots
Item → In case of hazardous spills, you'll want a pair of these! Reduces Lava damage by 50%.

Item → Hazmat Pants
Item → Don't get a tear in these, or you'll be exposed to whatever lurks outside!

Item → Hazmat Suit
Item → This suit protects you from any sort of biochemical leaks. Or it would if you had zipped it up right. Yikes, good thing this was just a test!

Item → Hazmat Helmet
Item → Protects your precious face from exposure to harmful stuff.

Item → Geiger Charger
Item → Tap a Geiger Counter in here to charge it up! It's half the speed of hand-charging, but it's convenient. Punch to retrieve it when it's ready.

Item → Uranium Necklace
Item → Wearing this will dramatically decrease your lifespan, but you'll be looking GOOD until it's over!

Item → Uranium Block
Item → This block might be slowly making you sick. Surely there are better things you could be building with. Maybe you can use something to blast a hole in it, instead...?

Item → Confetti Cannon
Item → Precision telescopic sights ensure you deliver the lethal payload directly to center mass.

Item → Riding Fiesta Burrito
Item → This donkey likes to party.

Item → Hotpants
Item → You look hot in these. And so does your pet Jalapeño!

Item → Lemon
Item → Warning: Keep out of eyes.

Item → Corn
Item → This is what it's like before you pop it.

Item → Corn Meal
Item → This corn has been crushed into a pile of dust!

Item → Avocado
Item → This mushy green-black blob is actually a citrus fruit. What horrors hath nature wrought?

Item → Chips And Guacamole
Item → Crunchy and gooshy. Food Buff: 50 gems for every victory against a Pet Trainer.

Item → Green Geiger V-Neck
Item → This shirt is made of... stuff.

Item → Blue Geiger V-Neck
Item → This shirt is made of... stuff.

Item → Purple Geiger V-Neck
Item → This shirt is made of... stuff.

Item → Orange Geiger V-Neck
Item → This shirt is made of... stuff.

Item → Xenoid Suit
Item → This skin-tight outfit really makes you look like a freaky alien.

Item → Xenoid Mask
Item → You seriously look like a freaky alien.

Item → Xenoid Claws
Item → These nasty claws make you look like a freaky alien.

Item → Xenoid Leggings
Item → These skin-tight leggings make you look like a freaky alien.

Item → Xenoid Shoes
Item → These awkward pointy heels make you look like a freaky alien.

Item → Villain Portrait - H.R. Geiger
Item → Just before knocking him unconscious, you snapped a lovely photo of H.R. Geiger for posterity. Put it up on the wall, show off your achievement!

Item → Superpower - Alien Egg
Item → This is a Rare Ice Superpower card for use in fighting crime. You can also place it as a block! Card effect: Implant an egg in your foe. If they repeat an element during the next four turns, it bursts for 5 damage!

Item → Locked Adventure Door
Item → This door can be walked through by anyone holding an Adventure Item - Key.

Item → Adventure Rope Piton
Item → Install this right next to walls. If a player is holding an Adventure Item - Rope, they can climb the wall.

Item → Ancient Block
Item → It's amazing how ancient Growtopians were able to carve such perfect blocks. Some say it was actually done by aliens! They're wrong.

Item → Adventure Brazier
Item → When a player who has Adventure Item - Torch steps on this, their torch is used up to light all braziers for 10 seconds. While it's lit, all the Adventure Barriers in the world move in or out, just for that player.

Item → Adventure Barrier
Item → These blocks can be punched by the world owner to open or close them. But if a player lights an Adventure Brazier, they will be reversed for that player - open ones will be shut, shut ones will be open.

Item → Adventure Pedestal
Item → When a player who has Adventure Item - Golden Idol steps on this, their idol is placed on the pedestal, opening all Adventure Idol Gates in the world (for them only), or shutting ones that are open.

Item → Adventure Idol Gate
Item → These blocks can be punched by the world owner to open or close them. But if a player places an idol on an Adventure Pedestal, they will be reversed for that player - open ones will be shut, shut ones will be open.

Item → Angry Adventure Gorilla
Item → This gorilla will pummel anyone who gets close! But if you have an Adventure Item - Banana, you can punch him to give it to him, and sneak by while he is eating for 10 seconds.

Item → Minecart
Item → Nothing says adventure like riding around in a minecart! Tracks not included (But the wheels are modified to run on any surface).

Item → Adventure Item - Pineapple
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world.

Item → Mystery Door
Item → You can set up to 5 destinations for this door with your Wrench, and when a player enters it, they'll be sent randomly to any of them!

Item → Adventure Checkpoint
Item → If you die, you'll respawn at the last Checkpoint you touched!

Item → The Adventure Begins
Item → Wrench this to adjust settings for your adventure. When players step on it, all their adventure items are reset, and you can assign them limited lives or a timer to complete the adventure.

Item → Mariachi Hat
Item → Not only does this fancy hat cover your head from the heat, it also makes you look amazing while you sing and dance.

Item → Mariachi Suit
Item → Look the part while playing your guitar like a true musician of Mexico.

Item → Mariachi Pants
Item → Fiesta! Time to dance.

Item → Seductive Rose
Item → Sticking a rose in your mouth seems to make your voice so much more attactive when you sing.

Item → Red Brimmed Hat
Item → A party hat for the most sophisticated.

Item → Red Formal Dress
Item → The finest dress for all your fancy dress parties.

Item → Luchador Announcer
Item → A new challenger enters the ring! Summons the villain "El Peligro"...

Item → Adventure Item - Crystal Goblet
Item → Place this in your world to be used in your Gateways To Adventure! Players can pick it up by punching it. They lose it if they leave your world. Unlike other Adventure Items, this one breaks if you die while holding it!

Item → Adventure's End
Item → Start your adventure at "The Adventure Begins", and end it here! This resets all adventure items, and announces to the world how well you did on the adventure.

Item → Tomb Robber
Item → Watch out! These guys will steal Adventure Items from you! If you own the Tomb Robber, smack him with a Wrench to change his mind about what to steal.

Item → Adventure Tomb Gate
Item → These gates can be punched by the world owner to open or close them. But Tomb Robbers can change their status for a player who pays them - open ones will be shut, shut ones will be open.

Item → Diamond Horn
Item → This amazing horn transforms each time you unequip it. Try all 3 flavors! It also boosts your build range.

Item → Diamond Horns
Item → This amazing horn transforms each time you unequip it. Try all 3 flavors! It also boosts your build range.

Item → Diamond Devil Horns
Item → This amazing horn transforms each time you unequip it. Try all 3 flavors! It also boosts your build range.

Item → Super Pineapple
Item → WOW, it's a super pineapple!  This is even better than a normal pineapple, you should just keep eating these nonstop!

Item → Super Exploding Pineapple
Item → Wait... this isn't any normal super pineapple! It looks like it's about to blow! STAND BACK!!!

Item → Can Of Beans
Item → This can contains a magical fruit.

Item → Mini-Mod
Item → When activated (punch to activate), this guy won't allow anyone to drop items in the world. Keep your place clean!

Item → Pet Frog
Item → Ribbit ribbit. This little frog hops along everywhere you go!

Item → Amethyst Block
Item → A lovely purple gem!

Item → Pineapple Slice
Item → Slice of pineapple.

Item → Cherry
Item → Leaves your tongue a little red, and well the rest of your body for that matter!

Item → Pineapple Turnover
Item → Eating these makes you sticky, so you can get more YUM from your food! Food Buff: Get triple XP for using consumables.

Item → Pineapple Finger Ring
Item → This tasty pineapple ring is now stuck to your fingers. For some reason a creepy pineapple spider keeps following you around!

Item → Pineapple Glasses
Item → Pineapples in your eyes! Who wouldn't want that? Gives sticky vision which is suspiciously similar to normal vision but more sticky.

Item → Jungle Blast
Item → Use this astounding device to create an entirely new jungle world. One free ziggurat included.

Item → Weather Machine - Jungle
Item → What's lurking in the depths of the jungle? This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Adventurer's Whip
Item → Only a true adventurer can swing this with such style.

Item → Adventurer's Sling Bag
Item → Look stylish while on all your greatest adventures. Who knows what you can hold in this. Doesn't actually give any more backpack space.

Item → Jungle Fern
Item → Just an ordinary fern commonly found in the jungle.

Item → Statue Block
Item → It's a piece of a statue.

Item → Statue Eye
Item → It's a piece of a statue. Seems to be an eye.

Item → Statue Headdress
Item → It's a piece of a statue. Seems to be some form of crown...

Item → Statue Nose
Item → It's a piece of a statue. Seems to be a nose.

Item → Statue Mouth
Item → It's a piece of a statue. Seems to be a mouth.

Item → Rubble
Item → There isn't much left of these bricks to be used anyway.

Item → Jungle Pillar
Item → Looks like an ancient piece of some ruins. However, it is just a pillar, nothing special.

Item → Overgrown Vines
Item → These vines are everywhere. Great for hiding in your favorite game of hide and seek.

Item → Hanging Snake
Item → This deadly snake can be found lazing about in the growtopian jungles and is capable of instantly killing a Growtopian.

Item → Royal Lock
Item → This fabulous world lock offers some special new options. Wrench it and become the king or queen of your world! It also shows you where players are in your world with Peasant Radar!

Item → Silk Bolt - Floral
Item → Sew silk items  by using this in a sewing machine. It takes 3 bolts of silk to craft an item.

Item → Hula Skirt
Item → Aloha. Sway those hips!

Item → Floral Bikini Top
Item → Scandalous!

Item → Floral Lei
Item → This particular one is lab-created, which you'd think is less classy, but they're much prettier.

Item → Zinc
Item → Protection from the sun. Well, at least your nose will be safe.

Item → Frangipani
Item → Put a flower in your hair. All the girls are doing it this summer! Just don't let Jim catch you stealing flowers from his garden... He's Crazy!

Item → Short Surfer Hair
Item → You've got that windblown chlorinated surfer look. It either makes you cool or a filthy beach bum. It's a fine line.

Item → Long Surfer Hair
Item → You've got that windblown chlorinated surfer look. It either makes you cool or a filthy beach bum. It's a fine line.

Item → Phoenix Crown
Item → Be honored to wear this beautiful crown. Light the way for all to see. No more than 500 of these exist in all of Growtopia.

Item → Surfboard
Item → Surf's up! This magical piece of fiberglass allows you to walk on water.

Item → Surfboard - Flame
Item → Surf's up! This magical piece of fiberglass allows you to walk on water. Now with Flames artwork!

Item → Surfboard - Wave
Item → Surf's up! This magical piece of fiberglass allows you to walk on water. Now with Wave artwork!

Item → Surfboard - Electric Green
Item → Surf's up! This magical piece of fiberglass allows you to walk on water. Now in Electric Green!

Item → Balloon-O-Matic
Item → Convert all your random junk into balloons for the war. Beware, may overheat and explode.WARNING! Is public for anyone on your team to use.

Item → Destroyed Balloon-O-Matic
Item → Convert all your random junk into balloons for the war. Beware, may overheat and explode.WARNING! Is public for anyone on your team to use.

Item → Team Entrance - Punch
Item → The only people getting through this door are the ones who are on team Punch. Outside of Balloon Warz, this functions as a normal entrance.

Item → Team Entrance - Grow
Item → The only people getting through this door are the ones who are on team Grow. Outside of Balloon Warz, this functions as a normal entrance.

Item → Team Entrance - Build
Item → The only people getting through this door are the ones who are on team Build. Outside of Balloon Warz, this functions as a normal entrance.

Item → Balloon Launcher
Item → With this launcher you can throw balloons farther. Not much good for anything else, though.

Item → Balloon Repellent
Item → Drinking this will keep those pesky balloons away for a while! The bubble of protection is extremely fragile. One hit and your protection will be gone!

Item → Small War Balloon
Item → Toss these all over. Scores 1 team point per hit. Only counts if they aren't already colored. 0 points for hitting your own team; that's not cool.

Item → Medium War Balloon
Item → Toss these all over. Scores 2 team point per hit. Only counts if they aren't already colored. 0 points for hitting your own team; that's not cool.

Item → Large War Balloon
Item → Toss these all over. Scores 5 team point per hit. Only counts if they aren't already colored. 0 points for hitting your own team; that's not cool.

Item → Bucket of Small War Balloons
Item → This contains 100 Small War Balloons. Double-tap this in your inventory to convert it back to 100 Small War Balloons.

Item → Bucket of Medium War Balloons
Item → This contains 100 Medium War Balloons. Double-tap this in your inventory to convert it back to 100 Medium War Balloons.

Item → Bucket of Large War Balloons
Item → This contains 100 Large War Balloons. Double-tap this in your inventory to convert it back to 100 Large War Balloons.

Item → Balloon Warz Leaderboard
Item → Wrench this board to see how the Balloon Warz are going! Is your team ahead?

Item → Balloon Filling Station
Item → The ideal station for creating war balloons! Shame every Growtopian is out filling balloons, though - the water's running low and it'll take a while to fill yours!

Item → Team Shorts - Punch
Item → Red with victory. Wear your team colors proudly.

Item → Team Shorts - Grow
Item → Green with glory. Wear your team colors proudly.

Item → Team Shorts - Build
Item → Blue with bravery. Wear your team colors proudly.

Item → Team Shirt - Punch
Item → Resplendent with redness. Wear your team colors proudly.

Item → Team Shirt - Grow
Item → Glorious with greenness. Wear your team colors proudly.

Item → Team Shirt - Build
Item → Beautiful with blueness. Wear your team colors proudly.

Item → Team Pennant - Punch
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Team Pennant - Grow
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Team Pennant - Build
Item → It's just flappin' in the breeze.

Item → Bouncy Balloon
Item → Formulated with extra-bouncy plastic. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce!

Item → Super Squirt Gun Jetpack
Item → Strap these to your back and get ready for the ride of your life. Use the power of pressurization to leap tall buildings in a single bound, then drift gently to Earth.

Item → Towel Rack Checkpoint
Item → If you die, you'll respawn at the last Checkpoint you touched! Also keeps you dry at the beach... or after eating a water balloon. Note: only dries you if it is also dry.

Item → Balloon Jammer
Item → Prevents war balloons from being thrown in your world when activated (punch to activate). Has a 5 second countdown when activating/deactivating.

Item → Team Bunting - Punch
Item → Deck the halls with team spirit. Made of biodegradable, water proof paper. I've no idea how that works, but it's meant to be good for the environment.

Item → Team Bunting - Grow
Item → Deck the halls with team spirit. Made of biodegradable, water proof paper. I've no idea how that works, but it's meant to be good for the environment.

Item → Team Bunting - Build
Item → Deck the halls with team spirit. Made of biodegradable, water proof paper. I've no idea how that works, but it's meant to be good for the environment.

Item → Weather Machine - Balloon Warz
Item → This machine will send your entire world up into the clouds where the balloons fly. This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Balloon Fragment
Item → This is a broken piece of a war balloon. If you feed enough of these into a Balloon-O-Matic, you're bound to get something good...

Item → Balloon Warz Gold Trophy - Punch
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Silver Trophy - Punch
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Bronze Trophy - Punch
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Gold Trophy - Grow
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Silver Trophy - Grow
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Bronze Trophy - Grow
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Gold Trophy - Build
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Silver Trophy - Build
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Bronze Trophy - Build
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz MVP Trophy - Punch
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz MVP Trophy - Grow
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz MVP Trophy - Build
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Throwing Stand
Item → It's a classic photo op! Stand behind it and pretend you're getting splatted by a balloon. Fun for the whole family!

Item → Target
Item → Punch it to win. Fun for the whole family!

Item → Team Headband - Punch
Item → When there's a war on, sweat, water, and balloon fragments fly everywhere! This'll keep them all out of your eyes for more effective fighting!

Item → Team Headband - Grow
Item → When there's a war on, sweat, water, and balloon fragments fly everywhere! This'll keep them all out of your eyes for more effective fighting!

Item → Team Headband - Build
Item → When there's a war on, sweat, water, and balloon fragments fly everywhere! This'll keep them all out of your eyes for more effective fighting!

Item → Red Facepaint
Item → Looks like you've been punched in the face... or have you? Nope, it's just face paint and a whopping dose of team spirit.

Item → Green Facepaint
Item → Blend in with the trees for a surprise attack like a true Grow supporter.

Item → Blue Facepaint
Item → Even Sir William Wallace would be envious of your team spirit. FREEEEDDDOOOOMMMMM! Wait! This is just a balloon war...

Item → Red Floaty Balloon
Item → Hold on tight and hopefully you won't float up into the sky. There's a song with 99 red balloons, but sadly, this is only 1.

Item → Green Floaty Balloon
Item → Hold on tight and hopefully you won't float up into the sky. Make everyone green with envy when they see your beautiful balloon.

Item → Blue Floaty Balloon
Item → Hold on tight and hopefully you won't float up into the sky. The balloon might be blue, but you'll never be!

Item → Dark Green Wallpaper
Item → Kinda creepy, like you're in a green room with no lights on...

Item → Dark Blue Wallpaper
Item → Kinda creepy, like you're trapped deep beneath the waves...

Item → Super Squirt Gun Jetpack Pants
Item → Strap these to your hips and get ready for the ride of your life. Use the power of pressurization to leap tall buildings in a single bound, then drift gently to Earth.

Item → Solar Chariot
Item → Run at the speed of, well... horses. On FIRE!

Item → Silk Corset
Item → Feeling fat? You could exercise... or you could just cram your gut into one of these! Oh sure, you may end up with spinal deformities, but beauty demands pain!

Item → Gothic Corset
Item → Feeling fat? You could exercise... or you could just cram your gut into one of these! Oh sure, you may end up with spinal deformities, but beauty demands pain!

Item → Unicorn Hair
Item → Like unicorns? Well, so does the rest of the internet, and now you can look like one, too!

Item → Emerald Pickaxe
Item → This tool is worth more than the stuff you mine with it!

Item → Sand Shark
Item → This is a 1 lb. Sand Shark. A shark with a vicious bite. Sand Sharks can live up to seven years old. See this shark in action in Hungry Shark World!

Item → Megalodon
Item → Amazing! You have caught the incredibly rare and elusive Megalodon. The largest shark ever. Class: MEGA-SIZED! Along with a mega diet, it's incredibly powerful and deadly. See this shark in action in Hungry Shark World!

Item → Beanbag
Item → Flop down into a world of lazy wonder with this majestic sack o' beans!

Item → Black Espadrille
Item → Perfect for kicking back - or kicking butt! - in the tropical sun.

Item → Checkered Espadrille
Item → Perfect for kicking back - or kicking butt! - in the tropical sun.

Item → Sports Bra
Item → Get running and show off your curves while you're at it!

Item → Pink Aura
Item → You are burning with lively energies! Also, double-jump power.

Item → Blue Aura
Item → You are burning with brilliant energy! Also, double-jump power.

Item → Wedding Headdress
Item → Everyone should look like a queen at their own wedding.

Item → Sarong
Item → Casual, comfortable, and affordable! What more could you want?

Item → Dress with Smock
Item → This light cotton dress is adorned with adorable stripes. Aww, how cute.

Item → Waistcoat and Jacket
Item → The perfect garment for housing a pocketwatch and monocle. Will also keep you warm during those long winter days.

Item → Orange
Item → A delicious sphere, complete with sweet, tingling citrus flavor.

Item → Orange Juice
Item → Oranges are great. Grind the heck out of them and they're still delicious! Only, like, wetter.

Item → Inside-Out Devil Wings
Item → You don't jump higher than with normal devil wings, but man, you DO look pretty cool, like an inside-out devil. Wait... doesn't that make you an angel?!

Item → Speed Medallion
Item → This amulet bestows you with speed energy, making you run so fast that lightning trails behind you!

Item → Skateboard
Item → Skate or die! Alternatively you can live by doing other things, like eating and breathing. Actually, do those even if you ARE skating.

Item → Antigravity Generator
Item → Disables gravity in your world when activated (punch to activate)! Well, it reduces gravity, and lets everybody jump as much as they want! This sensitive technology can't be used while damaged.

Item → Builder's Lock
Item → Locks 200 tiles around itself. Only allows either building or breaking of blocks inside - wrench it to decide which!

Item → Burning Hands
Item → Spew jets of flame from your hands!

Item → Riding Turtle
Item → It's not the fastest transportation around, but it is the bumpiest!

Item → Weather Machine - Background
Item → Tired of pesky weather? Choose any Background Block with this weather machine, and your world will look like you filled it up with that block! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Playful Fire Sprite
Item → Looks like a little blob of fire is following you! Makes sense.

Item → Playful Wind Sprite
Item → Looks like a little purple blob is following you! Doesn't make as much sense, but the air-colored ones didn't show up so well, so we dyed it!

Item → Playful Wood Sprite
Item → Looks like a little green blob is following you! Makes sense.

Item → Playful Water Sprite
Item → Looks like a little blob of water is following you! Makes sense.

Item → Plate Greaves
Item → Tired of being kicked in the shins? Aren't we all?

Item → Flaming Horsie
Item → There was a saddle on here, but it burned up. Eh, you can probably ride bareback.

Item → Flaming Horse Chunk
Item → This is fairly morbid. Also hot.

Item → Newspaper
Item → Great for checking the daily gazette. Equip to read.

Item → Riding Chicken
Item → A feathered friend to carry you to and fro! Best part? He'll never peck you to death with hordes of his angry pals!

Item → Prismatic Aura
Item → A fantastic aura of prismatic energy pulses around you, turning heads and bending the laws of gravity to your will. The power to double jump - and look awesome - is yours!

Item → Chicken Plow
Item → Ancient magic has unlocked the secrets of advanced chicken farming! Now, for the first time, your chicken will PLANT seeds instead of eating them! (When equipped, will plant whatever seed you have selected as you move!)

Item → Fire Essence
Item → The blazing heart of blockdom. Ow! Ow! Spicy.

Item → Water Essence
Item → The slippery, liquid soul of blocks. Not only looks nice - it's also refreshing!

Item → Earth Essence
Item → Titantic forces of dirt and stone have ground together to forge this pure piece of earth. Also makes for a nice paperweight.

Item → Wind Essence
Item → Fluffy clouds and raging storms howl within this airy essence. Weighs a ton, surprisingly enough. Probably something to do with physics.

Item → Fissure
Item → Punch it to open or shut it. Anyone unlucky enough to be caught inside when it closes becomes one with the soil. Really handy for gravediggers, too!

Item → Waterfall
Item → Falling water is one of the strangest natural phenomena in Growtopia. You can't jump up through it, since you're not a salmon. You can, however, drop down, since you're like everything else!

Item → Hidden Door
Item → Looks like an Art Deco Block, but with extra friendship - you can use this to allow access to others! Just, y'know, keep it secret. Hidden Doors are only cool if they're secret.

Item → Anemone
Item → Stinging denizen of the deep! It won't kill you, but it'll hurt somethin' FIERCE. Unless you're a clown fish, I guess, but they have other things to worry about.

Item → Aurora
Item → Dancing celestial light, compressed into handy block form! Fun Fact: Auroras are actually caused by collisions between electrically charged particles from the sun as they enter a planet's atmosphere! ...wait, that wasn't very fun, was it?

Item → Obsidian
Item → Volcanic glass, forged deep beneath the earth. Slippery, potentially sharp, and has absolutely nothing to do with dragons.

Item → Lava Lamp
Item → Groovy glows to light up your life! This lamp may be a little outdated, but who cares? It looks awesome!

Item → Fire Asteroid
Item → Tearing through the atmosphere, this chunk of rock has ignited with whirls of flame! Now, thanks to magnets or something, it will float and burn forever!

Item → Water Asteroid
Item → Laced with unobtanium, this floating rock comes complete with lovely cinematic waterfalls! The perfect touch to elevate a zen garden, or at least make your neighbors really jealous.

Item → Earth Asteroid
Item → You might think most asteroids are made of earth already, but this one has EXTRA earth for the dirtiest, most magnificently rocky experience to be found in a floating piece of the heavens.

Item → Wind Asteroid
Item → The howling winds that came down with this asteroid have become a permanent part of it! Now it will float forever, whispering the secrets of space to you as it does. (NOTE: Secrets of space may not actually be secret. Or audible.)

Item → Inferno Gate
Item → These blazing magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination. Ow, hot!

Item → Tidal Gate
Item → These rippling magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination. Ah, refreshing!

Item → Typhoon Gate
Item → These whispering magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination. Ooh, windy!

Item → Verdant Gate
Item → These lush magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination. Wow, tropical!

Item → Ancient Hinge
Item → Creaking with legendary power, this must be the piece of something far greater. And doorlike. Maybe.

Item → Ancient Pin
Item → Eons have not dulled the point of this pointy treasure. Careful! It's supernaturally pokey!

Item → Ancient Bracket
Item → Superb craftmanship has kept this pristine across the ages. Once part of some grand design, it can be again... if you can figure out what it will make!

Item → Ancient Lens
Item → Forged with long-lost sorceries, this glass remains unscratched after untold centuries! What could it reflect? Peer through it and into a time long past...

Item → Crystallized Reality
Item → A raw chunk of reality itself! The pure magic surrounding it could certainly be used for something spectacular... or set on a shelf to look pretty!

Item → Crystallized Wealth
Item → A pure piece of prosperity! The solidified richness surrounding it could certainly be used for something spectacular... or set on a shelf to look pretty!

Item → Crystallized Brilliance
Item → Thought given form! The tangible intelligence surrounding it could certainly be used for something spectacular... or set on a shelf to look pretty!

Item → Crystallized Nature
Item → A fragment of Gaia's beating heart! The unstoppable life force surrounding it could certainly be used for something spectacular... or set on a shelf to look pretty!

Item → Ancestral Totem of Wisdom
Item → Incredible forces of willpower and mental strength have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this totem. Equip it and ancient knowledge will be yours...

Item → Ancestral Tesseract of Dimensions
Item → Astonishing whirls of space and time have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this tesseract. Equip it and watch your hoard grow...

Item → Ancestral Seed of Life
Item → Fantastic powers of verdant might have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this seed. Equip it and the bloom of life will bend to your will...

Item → Ancestral Lens of Riches
Item → Unrelenting luck and luxury have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this lens. Equip it and unstoppable fortune will be yours... but do be careful. Power tends to corrupt, after all.

Item → Ancient Altar
Item → A celestial seat of crafting power - use this to make your artifacts even better. Who knew you could improve on perfection?

Item → Ghastly Robe
Item → Clutching darkness whispers from the very essence of this dire robe. A mantle of unfathomable shadow, only the brave dare wear it, for it is marked by the haunting touch of the grave. We don't know where it came from - only that it must have been incredibly, deeply dark.

Item → Bonsai
Item → Carefully tended and artfully shaped, this miniature plant is a harmonious expression of art and nature. It also makes for very tasty - but very small - salad!

Item → Acorn
Item → The tiny start of a mighty oak! Don't collect too many, or the squirrels will come for you.

Item → Centerpiece
Item → A colorful collection of leaves, candles, and wood. No fall celebration is complete without a stylish centerpiece to get in the way of people trying to enjoy their meal.

Item → Maple Leaf
Item → A lovely leaf, its color burnt by the changing seasons. It's a sign of hockey, Canadian patriotism, and, most importantly... pancake syrup!

Item → Dragon Scales
Item → Shimmering layers of reptilian armor fit for the mightiest of drakes. Surprisingly enough, they also make for a really nice wallpaper!

Item → Koi Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Koi Fish. Fishy tranquility! The majestic koi will instantly make any pond or fish tank at least 86% classier. Don't question it - it's science!

Item → Leaves
Item → Piles of fall leaves are good for exactly two things: Jumping into them, and who cares? I'm gonna jump in some leaves!

Item → Celestial Kaleidoscope
Item → Whirling mirrors of the finest crystal reveal a beautiful barrage of color and patterns. Just don't stare at them too long, or you'll start seeing psychedelic swirls everywhere! Ow, my eyes!

Item → Harmonic Chimes
Item → These chimes hum with crystal wisdom, bringing serenity to all who hear their gentle music. ...though they sometimes play heavy metal for no apparent reason.

Item → Hay
Item → Haaaaay! A big bale of harvest goodness, this is the perfect treat for a hungry horse. Just don't feed them too much. It makes them crazy.

Item → Pinecone
Item → The secret weapon of pine trees. Nothing says 'fall' like getting hit in the head with a big, pointy bundle of seeds! Ow!

Item → Weather Machine - Autumn
Item → Rev this baby up and enter a world of fall delights! Rustling leaves, setting suns, and a brisk chill in the air await you - just punch to activate! This sensitive technology will not function when damaged.

Item → Tea
Item → Steady your hands with a refreshing sip of herbal tea! Posh! Halves the chance of skill failure when performing surgeries! (Doesn't stack with other items that reduces skill failure chance)

Item → Tea Set
Item → Be careful! This upscale set of porcelain goodness is incredibly delicate. One wrong move, and you'll chip it and let all the tea ghosts out! Those are a thing, you know.

Item → Scarecrow Mask
Item → Act out your inner villain - or scare the bejeezus out of some birds - with this creepy harvest headgear. Who knew burlap and stitches could be so unsettling?

Item → Rake
Item → Tear up some topsoil with this handy home implement! Can anything really be better than punching, though?

Item → Cloud Rabbit
Item → Bunny bunny bunny cloud cloud cloud bunny cloud bunny cloud bunny bunny cloud cloud

Item → Dryad
Item → This pint-sized woodland sprite will defend the beauty of nature - and you - with all her adorable might! Just don't eat salads around  her - it's very insensitive.

Item → Ancestral Totem of Wisdom : Level 2
Item → Incredible forces of willpower and mental strength have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this totem. Equip it and ancient knowledge will be yours... Gives you an improved chance of getting double XP!

Item → Ancestral Totem of Wisdom : Level 3
Item → Incredible forces of willpower and mental strength have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this totem. Equip it and ancient knowledge will be yours... Gives you an uncommonly improved chance of getting double XP!

Item → Ancestral Totem of Wisdom : Level 4
Item → Incredible forces of willpower and mental strength have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this totem. Equip it and ancient knowledge will be yours... Gives you an extra-improved chance of getting double XP!

Item → Ancestral Totem of Wisdom : Level 5
Item → Incredible forces of willpower and mental strength have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this totem. Equip it and ancient knowledge will be yours... Gives you a super-improved chance chance of getting double XP!

Item → Ancestral Totem of Wisdom : Level 6
Item → Incredible forces of willpower and mental strength have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this totem. Equip it and ancient knowledge will be yours... Gives you a super-duper-improved chance chance of getting double XP!

Item → null_item5136
Item → null_item5138
Item → null_item5140
Item → null_item5142
Item → Ancestral Tesseract of Dimensions : Level 2
Item → Astonishing whirls of space and time have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this tesseract. Equip it and watch your hoard grow... Gives you an improved chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks!

Item → Ancestral Tesseract of Dimensions : Level 3
Item → Astonishing whirls of space and time have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this tesseract. Equip it and watch your hoard grow... Gives you an uncommonly improved chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks!

Item → Ancestral Tesseract of Dimensions : Level 4
Item → Astonishing whirls of space and time have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this tesseract. Equip it and watch your hoard grow... Gives you an extra-improved chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks!

Item → Ancestral Tesseract of Dimensions : Level 5
Item → Astonishing whirls of space and time have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this tesseract. Equip it and watch your hoard grow... Gives you a super-improved chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks!

Item → Ancestral Tesseract of Dimensions : Level 6
Item → Astonishing whirls of space and time have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this tesseract. Equip it and watch your hoard grow... Gives you a super-duper-improved chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks!

Item → null_item5154
Item → null_item5156
Item → null_item5158
Item → null_item5160
Item → Ancestral Seed of Life : Level 2
Item → Fantastic powers of verdant might have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this seed. Equip it and the bloom of life will bend to your will... Improves the growth time for all seeds planted!

Item → Ancestral Seed of Life : Level 3
Item → Fantastic powers of verdant might have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this seed. Equip it and the bloom of life will bend to your will... Uncommonly improves the growth time for all seeds planted!

Item → Ancestral Seed of Life : Level 4
Item → Fantastic powers of verdant might have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this seed. Equip it and the bloom of life will bend to your will... Extra-improves the growth time for all seeds planted!

Item → Ancestral Seed of Life : Level 5
Item → Fantastic powers of verdant might have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this seed. Equip it and the bloom of life will bend to your will... Super-improves the growth time for all seeds planted!

Item → Ancestral Seed of Life : Level 6
Item → Fantastic powers of verdant might have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this seed. Equip it and the bloom of life will bend to your will... Super-duper-improves the growth time for all seeds planted!

Item → null_item5172
Item → null_item5174
Item → null_item5176
Item → null_item5178
Item → Ancestral Lens of Riches : Level 2
Item → Unrelenting luck and luxury have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this lens. Equip it and unstoppable fortune will be yours... but do be careful. Power tends to corrupt, after all... Gives you an improved chance of dropping extra gems!

Item → Ancestral Lens of Riches : Level 3
Item → Unrelenting luck and luxury have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this lens. Equip it and unstoppable fortune will be yours... but do be careful. Power tends to corrupt, after all... Gives you an uncommonly improved chance of dropping extra gems!

Item → Ancestral Lens of Riches : Level 4
Item → Unrelenting luck and luxury have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this lens. Equip it and unstoppable fortune will be yours... but do be careful. Power tends to corrupt, after all... Gives you an extra-improved chance of dropping extra gems!

Item → Ancestral Lens of Riches : Level 5
Item → Unrelenting luck and luxury have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this lens. Equip it and unstoppable fortune will be yours... but do be careful. Power tends to corrupt, after all... Gives you a super-improved chance of dropping extra gems!

Item → Ancestral Lens of Riches : Level 6
Item → Unrelenting luck and luxury have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this lens. Equip it and unstoppable fortune will be yours... but do be careful. Power tends to corrupt, after all... Gives you a super-duper-improved chance of dropping extra gems!

Item → null_item5190
Item → null_item5192
Item → null_item5194
Item → null_item5196
Item → Zen Garden
Item → Create your own place of peace with this tranquil block. This has been carefully crafted with only the most soothing grains of sand, and trust me, it takes FOREVER to pick out the right ones.

Item → Harvest Scarf
Item → A whirling wisp of fabric to accent your perfect harvest style. Will also keep you warm with extra snuzzly fibers. Seriously, this thing is, like, TEN times snuzzlier than the next leading scarf.

Item → Soul Stone
Item → Unearthly life pulses within this strange stone! You think it might be a link to the great beyond... but what purpose could such ancient power have in the worlds of the living?

Item → Plasma Globe
Item → Beams of dancing light twist and twirl within this glassy orb, bringing out the mad scientist in everyone! Also makes your hair stand up, which is pretty cool.

Item → Cloak of Falling Waters
Item → Mystic whorls of water have been bound in shifting fabric to forge a cape fit for only the wettest, wildest Growtopians. Command one of the primeval elements through the Azure Gem of Waters pinned to this gorgeous cloak and use it to extinguish even the mightiest blazes. Or, y'know, spray people with it. It's your cape.

Item → Demon Megalodon
Item → Oh, what have you DONE?! This terrifying shark combines prehistoric predator power with the unholy corruption of Growganoth to create an unstoppable chomping machine! Class: DEMON-SIZED! See this shark in action in Hungry Shark World!

Item → El Pollo Diablo
Item → THE DEMON CHICKEN! A feathered fiend to scare and carry you to and fro! The best part? He'll absolutely peck you to death, just for fun! ...wait, that's bad.

Item → Doom Plow
Item → Are your crops not sufficiently terrified? Well, buckle up, because the power of Growganoth has overcharged the measely chicken plow into this fire-belching, flame-spewing monstrosity. Crazed chicken included. Do not operate while on prescription medication. Or for any other reason.

Item → Killer Doctor's Smock
Item → Calmly perform surgery in this horrific top. Your new and gruesome bedside manner will be an instant hit with those meat sack- uh, I mean, patients.

Item → Killer Doctor's Cap
Item → Terror is the new black! Nurse, pass me the scalpel!

Item → Killer Doctor's Face Mask
Item → Scare the bejeezus out of your patients with this deeply creepy surgeon's item. No unwanted surgery is complete without an evil mask to veil your villainous smile!

Item → Killer Doctor's Pants
Item → Hit the dance floor - or the nearest surgery suite - in these breezy, yet unsettling scrubs. Nothing says comfort like a two-legged memento of your latest surgery success (or failure)!

Item → Demon Clown Mask
Item → Hey, don't run away! IT really hurts my feelings when everyone flees my festive presence!

Item → Neon Voodoo Mask - Pure White
Item → Electric voodoo stylings to put the frighteners on your friends! Now in woeful white!

Item → Neon Voodoo Mask - Electric Blue
Item → Electric voodoo stylings to put the frighteners on your friends! Now in blazing blue!

Item → Neon Voodoo Mask - Shocking Pink
Item → Electric voodoo stylings to put the frighteners on your friends! Now in petrifying pink!

Item → Neon Voodoo Mask - Plasma Green
Item → Electric voodoo stylings to put the frighteners on your friends! Now in ghastly green!

Item → Fish Monster Mask
Item → Ew! This thing is frilly, wet, and slimy - most places won't want you around in it, except maybe those hipster fish restaurants. May I recommend the "Black Lagoon Risotto"?

Item → Demented Cowl
Item → Make friends with the shadows in this crazed - yet cool - cowl of darkness! Looming darkness may give those who wear this creepy cloth a pass...

Item → Iron Maiden
Item → Ouch! This thing packs some seriously spiky nails. However tempting it may be, do NOT go inside!

Item → Looming Shadows
Item → Uh, it's just a trick of the light, right? Nothing to worry about, right? RIGHT?! Oh man, you'd better move!

Item → Hanging Bats
Item → Dangling spooky bats on string. Don't worry, your fellow Growtopians will totally think they're the real deal. Keep those wigs covered!

Item → Death Metal Radio
Item → Head bang to the extreme - and maybe a bit of dizziness - with this deadly radio. Crank it up to 11 and thrash your way into any party!

Item → Plastic Ghost
Item → Oooo-OOO-ooooh! Who doesn't like glow-in-the-dark ghosts? Be the life of any spooky event with these spectacular specters!

Item → Totally Harmless Doll
Item → A completely ordinary, absolutely not-possessed, super-safe doll, perfect for children and other helpless creatures. Please don't be afraid. It's your friend. You should keep it close. Especially when you're asleep.

Item → Headsman's Hood
Item → Heading to a Halloween party and don't want your beautiful face to take attention away from everyone else? Hide it behind this creepy hood and sneak about in secret!

Item → Doll Head Part
Item → Hmm, looks like part of a doll! I bet you could make a complete one if you found the other pieces...

Item → Doll Torso Part
Item → Hmm, looks like part of a doll! I bet you could make a complete one if you found the other pieces...

Item → Doll Legs Part
Item → Hmm, looks like part of a doll! I bet you could make a complete one if you found the other pieces...

Item → Pumpkin Candy
Item → Pumped full of seasonal goodness! For a tasty snack, take fresh pumpkin seeds, roast in the oven in a single layer at 300F until dry (about 50 minutes), then take them out, toss with melted butter, sugar, cinnamon, and salt, and return to the oven at 350F until golden (about 12 more minutes). Growlicious!

Item → Chi Harmonizer
Item → A tuning fork for the fundamental forces of nature. This strange device will broaden the spectrum of chi requirements for any crystal recipes you craft... but only once! Groovy.

Item → Harmonic Lock
Item → Forged from the finest, most calming and balanced materials in all the worlds, this lock's peerless powers will influence ANY crystal recipes you craft. Using it to lock a world will broaden the spectrum of chi requirements for crystal balancing within! Radical!

Item → Neon Gum
Item → Take a piece and dazzle your friends as super funky neon lines course across your skin. Chew rapidly to get a Speed boost and surround yourself with glowing bubbles!

Item → Neon Nerves
Item → Check it out, chummer! Slap this colour-shifting circuitry under your skin and dazzle those dataslaves with wired speed! The only thing they'll catch is a trail of arctic light as you leave them in the dust!

Item → Static Hair
Item → A shocking style, for sure, but there might be more to it than that! Maybe you should check to see if it reacts with any other electrical sources...

Item → Amethyst Choker
Item → Clasp your neck in this flawlessly cut piece of jewelwork, and be the envy of all.

Item → Opal Block
Item → An enormous chunk of shimmering opal, resplendent in its square-shaped majesty. You could never build a house out of opal in the real world, which is just one more reason why Growtopia is so much cooler.

Item → Kaleidoscopic Wallpaper
Item → Build with these chunks of psychedelic sweetness, and their shimmering patterns will forever delight visitors to your worlds. I wonder if they'd hypnotize people, too - just look at those colors...

Item → Demon Crystal
Item → Vile energies ripple across the surface of this twisted relic. Ancient tales tell of a demon trapped within a profane crystal - could this be it? And if so, what of the other legends, those that speak of a crown of stars stolen by the fiend? Could this be its prison? Could there be a way to pry the crown from its clutches?

Item → Celestial Lance
Item → Everyone's heard of crafting swords from fallen stars, but this incredible weapon is forged from the CONSTELLATIONS themselves, radiating with the might of the heavens. Vile corruption and ancient darkness are no match for the glory of this device, for it can banish them utterly.

Item → Celestial Halo
Item → Ripped from the heavens, stolen by demons, and now bequeathed to you. This miraculous crown will make you as light as the aether itself - a fitting gift for one who would stand against the darkness.

Item → Celestial Frame
Item → Let the twinkling majesty of the heavens enclose your artwork! Comes with a blank canvas inside if you don't have any art. Note: If your art is made of background blocks, you'll need to apply Block Glue to it to make the frame surround it!

Item → Celestial Dust
Item → The dust of precious stones. This dust contains heavenly properties, perhaps it could be refined to form something of use.

Item → Celestial Blade
Item → This blade is enchanted with celesitial power! You could build an awesome weapon with one of these and a handle... well, it'd be awesome if you could hold it. Maybe you need something to protect your hands when holding it.

Item → Turkey Onesie Hood
Item → The crown of your turkey ensemble! Just don't lose your head over it! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Turkey Onesie Body
Item → No turkey is complete without a gobbly body, and this is the best you can find! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Turkey Onesie Legs
Item → Do the turkey trot with these gobble-tastic gams! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Turkey Onesie Feet
Item → Find your fall footing with these turkey toes! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Turkey Carving Set
Item → Reach out and get a handle on the holidays with a turkey touch! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Turkey Onesie Tail
Item → Look your Thanksgiving best with this wobbly tail! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Turkey Onesie Beak
Item → Peck your dinner to death - just like a real turkey! Gobble gobble gobble!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner - Bronze
Item → You indulged in one of the year's mightiest meals and came away with this fine reward (and maybe a tummyache)! Show off this bronzed Thanksgiving turkey leg in recognition of your feat!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner - Silver
Item → You indulged in one of the year's mightiest meals and came away with this fine reward (and maybe a tummyache)! Show off this silvered Thanksgiving turkey leg in recognition of your feat!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner - Gold
Item → You indulged in one of the year's mightiest meals and came away with this fine reward (and maybe a tummyache)! Show off this gilded Thanksgiving turkey leg in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday Cart - Bronze
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this bronzed shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday Cart - Silver
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this silvered shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday Cart - Gold
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this gilded shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Cyber Monday Tablet - Bronze
Item → You got high-tech and value-conscious on the best Monday of the year! Show off this bronzed tablet in recognition of your feat!

Item → Cyber Monday Tablet - Silver
Item → You got high-tech and value-conscious on the best Monday of the year! Show off this silvered tablet in recognition of your feat!

Item → Cyber Monday Tablet - Gold
Item → You got high-tech and value-conscious on the best Monday of the year! Show off this gilded tablet in recognition of your feat!

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2017
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2017
Item → Winterfest 2017 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Zephyr Helm
Item → We've captured mystic winds in gleaming gold and used super-complicated rituals to transform them into a helm fit for a king! Don't bother trying to figure out how we did it, though. We, uh, kinda lost the notes after someone left a window open.

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Gold Trophy - Punch
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Silver Trophy - Punch
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Bronze Trophy - Punch
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Gold Trophy - Grow
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Silver Trophy - Grow
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Bronze Trophy - Grow
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Gold Trophy - Build
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Silver Trophy - Build
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 Bronze Trophy - Build
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 MVP Trophy - Punch
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 MVP Trophy - Grow
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter 2017 MVP Trophy - Build
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Gingerbread Block
Item → The most delicious of blocks, spiced with ginger, cloves, nutmeg, a touch of honey, and a heaping helping of holiday goodness! Shame you can't eat it...

Item → Gingerbread House
Item → Growtopia is the only place it's acceptable to build a house out of gingerbread. It's far too delicious not to eat, otherwise!

Item → Gingerbread Roof
Item → Raise the roof! The gingerbread roof, that is. Will shelter you from syrup rain, candy hail, and sugar blizzards.

Item → Gingerbread Door
Item → The most welcoming doors are the ones made of gingerbread! Just be careful nobody eats it while you're distracted...

Item → Holly
Item → Get festive with this pretty - yet pointy - decoration!

Item → Log Cabin
Item → Live the life of a wilderness adventurer to the fullest with the help of this cozy cabin. Warning: Will not protect you from bears. Seriously, don't mess with those things.

Item → Log Cabin Roof
Item → Shelter yourself from the wilderness elements with this heavy roof of terrific timber. Stops: Wind, rain, snow, sleet, hail, lightning. Does Not Stop: Bears.

Item → Log Cabin Door
Item → If you're going to barricade yourself against the wilderness, it helps to have a way in and out. Fun fact: Bears never go through doors. Just... everything else.

Item → Jack-in-the-Box
Item → Hopping holiday fun, compacted with springs and a touch of seasonal joy to make every bounce the best yet! Also good for scaring small children and cats.

Item → Twinkling Lights
Item → Turn on these delightful lights and rejoice in their cozy twinkles. Just don't let them get tangled!

Item → Small Icicles
Item → As ice thaws, it drips down and refreezes to create these wonderful wintry spikes. I like to think of them as free, water-flavored popsicles.

Item → Sheet Music: Winterfest
Item → If you aren't in range of a Boombox, this will play a festive Winterfest-inspired sound for you. There are 14 different sounds, depending on how you place it vertically. Try them all!

Item → White Chocolate Block
Item → Also known as albino chocolate, white chocolate is just regular chocolate that's been left out in the sun too long.

Item → Chocolate Swirl Block
Item → Unlike the swirling vortex of Growganoth, this spiral is sweet, wholesome, and almost completely guaranteed not to devour your life force.

Item → Chocolate Sprinkles Block
Item → The sprinkles are the most important part of any dessert, even if it's a chocolate block. The key is to eat the chocolate first, so you can wear the sprinkle shell as a hat!

Item → Chocolate Orange Block
Item → Orange you glad you found this block?

Item → Chocolate Cherry Block
Item → Now the cherry on top of your sundae comes surrounded by chocolate! That's what I call win-win.

Item → S'mores Block
Item → Perfect for a cookout or a wintry cabin, there are few things better than toasting marshmallows, slapping them together with chocolate, and sandwiching the delicious mess between two graham crackers. Aw, now I've made myself hungry...

Item → Cherry Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of cherry jelly.

Item → Lime Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of lime jelly.

Item → Blueberry Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of blueberry jelly.

Item → Orange Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of orange jelly.

Item → Lemon Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of lemon jelly.

Item → A Row of Winterfest Socks
Item → A perfect decoration for your fireplace, log cabin and gingerbread house. Even better if you can find someone to fill them with presents!

Item → Snow Block
Item → There's nothing like the soft crunch of freshly fallen snow as you clumsily plod your way through it.

Item → Winterfest Dancefloor
Item → Look at those lovely lights! Dance floors with colors beat dance floors with no colors every time, so let's get this party started!

Item → Mistletoe
Item → A bright and cheerful bundle of seasonal leaves, perfect for doorways and ceilings. Now's your chance to continue the charming tradition of kissing under it!

Item → Winterfest Cracker
Item → A bundle of festive goodies, best cracked open with a friend. What will you find inside?

Item → Deluxe Winterfest Cracker
Item → The finest and most upscale of crackers! Pop this lovely present open with a friend, and hope for something amazing!

Item → Winterfest Red Paper Crown
Item → Get in the spirit of Winterfest with this red paper crown, then wait for it to dissolve in your forehead sweat!

Item → Winterfest Green Paper Crown
Item → Get in the spirit of Winterfest with this green paper crown, then wait for it to dissolve in your forehead sweat!

Item → Winterfest Silver Paper Crown
Item → Get in the spirit of Winterfest with this silver paper crown, then wait for it to dissolve in your forehead sweat!

Item → Winterfest Gold Paper Crown
Item → Get in the spirit of Winterfest with this glowing, golden paper crown, then wait for it to dissolve in your forehead sweat!

Item → Gingerbread Man
Item → A deliciously dangerous Gingerbread Man. Watch out! He's full of anger - as well as sugar - and ready to defend you against all your holiday foes!

Item → Gingerbread Dough
Item → The spiced building block of something amazing. What could you create with this...?

Item → Ice Skates of Winter
Item → Glide across the ice like a pro in these dashing ice skates. No more sliding around like a jerk!

Item → Snowshoes
Item → Perfect for trekking through snow and doubles up as a nice pair of rackets, if you get the urge to play some tennis while you're out on the tundra.

Item → Sleigh of Winter
Item → Everyone will want a ride on this luxurious winter sleigh, especially with your trusty Reindeer leading the way! (We recommend charging competitive rates and hiring a marketing firm for any new sleigh-focused business models).

Item → Winter Frost Bow
Item → Tired of shooting boring old arrows from stupid normal bows? Well THIS holiday beast of a bow shoots freezing ice shards! How cool is that?!

Item → Ice Serpent Scarf
Item → You might think a frosty ice serpent wouldn't be useful in the cold, but think again! This elegant creature will wrap your neck in so much friendship, you'll stay toasty warm all winter. Um, just don't let it snuggle you TOO hard...

Item → Lumberjack Coat - Scarlet
Item → Everybody toss on this scarlet coat and say: "I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I chop down trees and I work all day..."

Item → Lumberjack Coat - Olive
Item → Everybody toss on this olive coat and say: "I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I chop down trees and I work all day..."

Item → Lumberjack Coat - Navy
Item → Everybody toss on this navy coat and say: "I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I chop down trees and I work all day..."

Item → Lumberjack Coat - Midnight
Item → Everybody toss on this midnight coat and say: "I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I chop down trees and I work all day..."

Item → Mountain Coat
Item → Toss this on to keep warm and become one with the wilderness. Maybe try to befriend a bear while you're at it? No, that's crazy...

Item → Mountain Cap
Item → Whatever critter became this cap, I hope it was proud to know it would be forever immortalized as a sweet accessory for the top of your head.

Item → Mountain Boots
Item → Trudge through trackless forests and raging mountain rivers in these old-timey boots.

Item → Parka Hood - Orange
Item → Mmmph mmph mmph!

Item → Parka Hood - Blue
Item → Prevent your face from freezing off and avoid the embarrassing outcome of having icicles dangling from your nose with the help of this cozy blue parka hood.

Item → Puffy Blue Jacket
Item → If you ever saw a jacket and thought, "That's not NEARLY puffy enough for me," then this poofed-up piece of apparel will be perfect for you. Get it now to stay warm AND awesome all winter long!

Item → Mr. Narwhal
Item → This is a 1 lb. Mr. Narwhal. The majestic narwhal, unicorn of the deep and expert poker of all things aquatic, is now yours for all your aquarium-enhancing needs!

Item → Glass Piglet Squid
Item → This is a 1 lb. Glass Piglet Squid. Pigs are magical creatures - they can fly, swim, turn invisible, become bacon, and now... they can be SQUID! That's what this thing is, right? A really weird pig? Hmm... maybe I should look it up...

Item → Gingerbread Cookie
Item → Not just ANY cookie, but a super-spiced, winterrific GINGERBREAD cookie! Go to town on this treat and it'll give you more than just a sugar rush! Food Buff: 10% chance of triple XP from all actions.

Item → Gross Golden Holiday Sweater
Item → Finally, the most luxuriously horrible holiday sweater you've been waiting for. Your super-wealthy, ultra-classy grandma would be proud.

Item → Silverstar Bow
Item → Forged from stardust, aether winds, and purest silver, this beautiful bow belongs amongst the heavens - you must have been incredibly fortunate to count it among your possessions. Well, that or you're just a really good trader. Either way, let's shoot some stuff!

Item → Red Eye Drops
Item → Need a new look? These drops will have you seeing red! Note: You may need multiple drops - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect. Eye drops also interact with your natural eye color, so some effects may be impossible to achieve.

Item → Green Eye Drops
Item → Need a new look? These drops give your eyes a green gleam! Note: You may need multiple drops - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect. Eye drops also interact with your natural eye color, so some effects may be impossible to achieve.

Item → Blue Eye Drops
Item → Need a new look? These drops will have you feeling anything but blue! Note: You may need multiple drops - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect. Eye drops also interact with your natural eye color, so some effects may be impossible to achieve.

Item → Black Eye Drops
Item → Need a new look? These drops will darken your eyes, but not your day! Note: You may need multiple drops - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect. Eye drops also interact with your natural eye color, so some effects may be impossible to achieve.

Item → Eye Cleaning Solution
Item → Fed up with your current eye color? This soothing and refreshing eye cleaner will leave your peepers sparkly clean - but you might need more than one bottle to finish the job!

Item → Bathroom Mirror
Item → Take a good look at your face! Try not to stare too long, though - no matter how beautiful you are.

Item → Sun Yellow Dancefloor
Item → Dance floors with color beat dance floors with no colors every time, so let's get this party started in sweet sunny yellow!

Item → Hot Pink Dancefloor
Item → Dance floors with color beat dance floors with no colors every time, so let's get this party started in eye-popping pink!

Item → Bodacious Blue Dancefloor
Item → Dance floors with color beat dance floors with no colors every time, so let's get this party started in bodacious blue!

Item → Groovy Green Dancefloor
Item → Dance floors with color beat dance floors with no colors every time, so let's get this party started in groovy green!

Item → Raving Red Dancefloor
Item → Dance floors with color beat dance floors with no colors every time, so let's get this party started in raving red!

Item → Rayman's Fist
Item → The perfect punch! Ever wanted to send a disembodied fist flying across the land like Rayman? Well, now you can! Land a blow like none other with this furious fist. It even comes with a friend: Globox!

Item → Rayman's Hair
Item → Halt your fall with this helicopter hair, courtesy of Rayman himself! How does it spin like that? And more importantly, how does it look so amazing?

Item → Rayman's Hoodie
Item → Stay warm and stylish with Rayman's personal hoodie. It even smells like him: waffles, vanilla, and determination!

Item → Rayman's Shoes
Item → Rayman's spectacular shoes are yours! These are a toe-tingling delight, with all kinds of padding and luxury features you'd expect from a platform-hopping pro like Rayman. Toss these on and enjoy comfortable - and stylish - foot-based movement from now on!

Item → Rayman's Nose
Item → Taking "Got your nose!" to a whole new level, aren't you? Somehow, some way, you've wound up with Rayman's nose! I hope he has a spare!

Item → Equalizer Tee
Item → Celebrate optimal sound balance and look great at the same time!

Item → Ultra Equalizer Tee
Item → This ultra version not only celebrates optimal sound balance, but it does it with mesmerizing movement! Ooh, the colors...

Item → Rollback Plaque IV
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards yet again, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. December 2017.

Item → Flame Tee
Item → Don't worry - no matter how realistic this t-shirt's flames may be, it won't light anything on fire! ...though you WILL look super hot!

Item → Ultra Flame Tee
Item → Don't let the flickering flames of this ultra version fool you - this shirt is NOT currently on fire! ...but your dance moves are!

Item → Party Light Wave Vest
Item → Be the light of the party with this bright and beautiful vest!

Item → Ultra Party Light Wave Vest
Item → Turn up the awesome with this ultra version - it'll really light up the night!

Item → Party Style Top Hat
Item → This isn't just a great party hat - it's the GREATEST party hat. Top the evening (and your noggin) with this finely-honed piece of wearable art!

Item → Ultra Party Glow Top Hat
Item → We've taken the greatest party hat known to science and given it an ultra upgrade. Okay, NOW this is clearly the best possible hat. How else could it be better?

Item → Party Style Shades
Item → Hypnotize your fellow Growtopians as they stare longingly into these dazzling shades!

Item → Ultra Party Glow Shades
Item → Take your party powers of shade-based hypnotism to the next level with this ultra version and never be friendless again!

Item → Party Glow Sneakers
Item → Light up the night - and the dance floor - by popping these hotly-glowing goodies over your toes!

Item → Party Style Scarf
Item → Wow, look at those colors! Ring your neck with the perfect party scarf.

Item → Ultra Party Glow Scarf
Item → Turn up the heat with this ultra version of the party scarf - just be careful the only thing you set on fire is the dance floor! Those bulbs get hot!

Item → Megawatt Bass Speaker
Item → Push partygoers around with the power of deep bass sound! The speaker focuses sound waves in the direction you place it, so pick its placement for maximum effect!

Item → 5th Anniversary Block
Item → Wow! FIVE YEARS! Celebrate this incredible anniversary achievement with this wonderfully wobbly (and gloriously golden) number 5!

Item → Hand Drill
Item → Bore through the surface of frozen blocks with this hand drill and get fishing! Be careful not to put too much strain on it, though - it may break!

Item → Nuclear Detonator
Item → Blast through the surface of irradiated blocks with this nuclear detonator and get fishing! It's a bit volatile though and may break!

Item → Uranium Glowing Lure
Item → Attract nuclear fish! Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait in nearby radioactive water to start fishing. The ghostly glowing light of uranium will catch unique fish that other bait can't entice!

Item → Mega-Pellet Bait
Item → Attract frosty fish! Equip a fishing rod and then use this bait in nearby ice water to start fishing. The icy shimmer of this bait will catch unique fish that other lures can't entice!

Item → Training Port
Item → This port is for adding or removing fish for Training! Use your wrench to manage the fish, just like real fish. You can only place this on a fish tank.

Item → Fish Medicine
Item → Make a sick Training Fish bright and healthy with this healing potion. One dose is enough to make even the sickest fish all better!

Item → Fish Reviver
Item → Resurrect a dead Training Fish with a revivifying zap! One shocking charge is enough to reach beyond the veil and bring a fish back from the dead! Comes with a 100% zombie-free guarantee!

Item → Fish Flakes
Item → Every fish adores these tasty flakes! Give a pinch to your Training Fish and fill their scaly bellies with aquatic goodness! Take the guesswork out of finnicky feedings with a treat you know they'll love!

Item → Maidmare Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Maidmare Fish. A terrifying creature forged by the awful effects of radiation! Don't stare too long or "she'll" get upset...

Item → Maidmare
Item → A terrifying creature forged by the awful effects of radiation! Your enemies will flee in terror from this creepy creature's mega fishy, slimetacular wet smooch attack!

Item → Double-Headed Angel-Devil Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Double-Headed Angel-Devil Fish. Good heavens! This is one heck of a fish. Embodying the best (and worst) of the cosmos, this split-faced aberration loves giving good and bad advice.

Item → Riding Double-Headed Angel-Devil Fish
Item → Good heavens! This is one heck of a riding fish. Embodying the best (and worst) of the cosmos, this split-faced aberration loves giving good and bad advice while carrying you to and fro.

Item → Double-Headed Angel-Devil Fish Leash
Item → Good heavens! This is one heck of a pet. Embodying the best (and worst) of the cosmos, this split-faced aberration loves giving good and bad advice while floating at your side.

Item → Absolutely Real Elephant Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Absolutely Real Elephant Fish. A genuine elephant fish that totally exists. Ha! Look at his silly nose! Just hide your peanuts while they're around - they're obsessed.

Item → Absolutely Real Elephant Fish Leash
Item → A genuine elephant fish pet that totally exists. Ha! Look at his silly nose! Will delight onlookers as it follows you around, dispensing wisdom and menacing peanut sellers.

Item → Cuttlefish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Cuttlefish. You may think this is a fish, but you'd be wrong! Cuttlefish are molluscs - but "Cuttlemollusc," doesn't quite roll off the tongue does it?

Item → Riding Cuttlefish
Item → Writhing tentacles clear the way as you ride into town on this slimy beast! All shall tremble before your mighty fish- err... mollusc!

Item → Cuttlefish Leash
Item → You may think this is a fish, but you'd be wrong! Cuttlefish are molluscs - but "Cuttlemollusc," doesn't quite roll off the tongue does it? Either way, it'll be happy to follow you around, no matter what you call it.

Item → Riding Stonefish
Item → Through careful training, one of the most poisonous fish in the world can now be ridden without fear! Careful, though - they're still quite pointy.

Item → Stonefish Leash
Item → This is one of the most poisonous fish in the world... and you have it following you around?! You're crazy!

Item → Riding Sand Shark
Item → Out of the sand and happy on land, this sand shark has decided to let you ride it around. Isn't that nice of him?

Item → Sand Shark Leash
Item → Out of the sand and happy on land, this sand shark has decided to follow you around like a toothy balloon. Isn't that nice of him?

Item → Riding Seahorse
Item → Neither fish nor horse, but after careful feeding, it's still a trusty steed! Ride this undersea mount into battle and become a Knight of the Seahorse! It's a very prestigious order, you know.

Item → Seahorse Leash
Item → This rare fish is very hard to keep in an aquarium. Lucky for you, this is a videogame, and it's happy to float beside you and impress everyone who sees it!

Item → Battle Gar
Item → The snappiest, toothiest, chompin'est fish is out of the tank - and out for blood! This battle gar will chow down on your foes and bring you victory! ...just don't get too close to those snappy jaws!

Item → Battle Mutant Fish
Item → Strange mutations can make for the meanest fish, as this battling mutant will prove! Good thing it's on your side - with that extra eye, it can always keep a lookout while it takes down your foes!

Item → Alpha Great White Shark
Item → This is a 1 lb. Alpha Great White Shark. The king predator of the sea. Full of teeth and bereft of mercy, this abyssal biter can shred unwary swimmers in seconds! Dum-dum, dumm-dum... dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dumm, dum - sh, sh, sh, SHAAARK! Aiiiieee!

Item → Riding Alpha Great White Shark
Item → How do you make the king predator of the sea even cooler? Toss a saddle on and ride them into the sunset, of course! Little-known fact: Great whites love Westerns, and secretly wish they could survive in the desert.

Item → Alpha Great White Shark Leash
Item → The king predator of the sea will follow you around and watch your back. Take him on dates for an extra-romantic companion. Nobody can resist the owner of a deep sea terror, and this is one of the deepest, most terrifying things you can get!

Item → Weird Manta Ray
Item → This is a 1 lb. Weird Manta Ray. Once a peaceful vegetarian, this manta has emerged from the depths of toxic sludge with a hunger for other fish and a nasty sting!

Item → Riding Weird Manta Ray
Item → This voracious beast can now be ridden across the land, striking fear (and awe) into all who gaze upon it. Perfect for those who always wanted to ride a carpet with teeth.

Item → Weird Manta Ray Leash
Item → Flapping wings curl through the air at your side, but this is no pet bird - it's a really creepy manta ray! Happy to be freed from toxic sludge, it floats beside you as a loyal friend.

Item → Goldfish Leash
Item → These aren't made of gold, which is actually a good thing - otherwise they'd be too heavy to float beside you, looking all fishy and cool!

Item → Catfish Leash
Item → Hey! It's not a real cat at all! It doesn't even purr! Well, at least it's friendly enough to follow you around. Here kitty!

Item → Sunfish Leash
Item → If there's one fish that can brighten your day as it follows you around, this is it. Warning: Not a real sun.

Item → Bass Leash
Item → Don't slap the bass - you'd just hurt it, and all it wants is to follow you around.

Item → Mahi Mahi Leash
Item → The fish so nice they named it twice - now it will follow you around, and thrice as nice!

Item → Dogfish Leash
Item → This adorable Dogfish will follow you around like a little lost puppy. They're so obedient!

Item → Whale Leash
Item → This giant of the ocean is a mammal and extremely heavy - so how the heck does it float whilst following you around?

Item → Picasso Triggerfish Leash
Item → Also known as Hawaii's state fish, the Humuhumunukunukuapua'a, which is probably the best name ever. Regardless of what you call it, it'll still follow you around with majestic grace.

Item → Ice Crust Block
Item → Solid ice! Maybe you can use something to bore a hole inside it...?

Item → Goldfish Bowler Hat
Item → Who's to say you can't wear a goldfish on your head? Silly people, that's who. They just don't understand how great it is to rock a goldfish upstairs. Don't listen to them. They're not cool like you.

Item → Catfish Slippers
Item → The warmest, fluffiest fish-based slippers around, these are the cat's meow!

Item → Dogfish Slippers
Item → Arf! For times when your dogs are barkin', slide on a pair of these slippers and relax in fishy comfort.

Item → Picasso Face
Item → Someone's turned this triggerfish into a masterpiece for your face! Awesome!

Item → Tentacle Beard
Item → Arrrr, me hearties! Sail the seven seas with flailing tentacles on your face, and all will know your name and tremble before your rubbery glory.

Item → Puffer Fish Block
Item → Puffer Fish expand when scared, and here in Growtopia, they're always terrified for some reason. Watch out for those spikes!

Item → Queen Conch Shell
Item → Blow into this like a trumpet and enjoy the soothing tunes of the sea wherever you may be. Or set it on a shelf and discuss tall tales of the briny deep with your best mates. Ya harr!

Item → Davy Jones' Chest
Item → Store treasures of the deep (or your grandma's garage sale) within its barnacled interior by dropping them! When it's closed, the items are hidden! Punch it to open it!

Item → Radiation Block
Item → Don't worry, the deadly radiation is still safely stored inside this block - however, don't go prodding and poking it just in case!

Item → Radiation Sign
Item → Radical! Write stuff on it to tell your friends! Use your Wrench to change the message.

Item → Fancy Fish Wall Mount
Item → Proud of your catch, but you don't want the responsibility of caring for it? Place it on this fancy mount with your wrench! You can only display Perfect or Massive fish on this mount. Once a fish is mounted, it can never be removed.

Item → Tiny Frozen Chunk
Item → Oh no! The frigid waters froze your bait into a tiny chunk! Consume to get a Mega-Pellet Bait.

Item → Small Frozen Chunk
Item → Oh no! The frigid waters froze your bait into a small chunk! Consume to get a Mega-Pellet Bait.

Item → Large Frozen Chunk
Item → Oh no! The frigid waters froze your bait into a large chunk! Consume to get a Mega-Pellet Bait.

Item → Tiny Radioactive Bit
Item → Yikes! The radioactive waters blasted your bait into a tiny radioactive bit! With only trace amounts (honest) of radiation, consume to get a Uranium Glowing Lure.

Item → Small Radioactive Bit
Item → Yikes! The radioactive waters blasted your bait into a small radioactive bit! With only trace amounts (honest) of radiation, consume to get a Uranium Glowing Lure.

Item → Large Radioactive Bit
Item → Yikes! The radioactive waters blasted your bait into a large radioactive bit! With only trace amounts (honest) of radiation, consume to get a Uranium Glowing Lure.

Item → MAGPLANT 5000
Item → Tired of picking things up with your puny human hands only to put them down later? With the awesome power of MAGNETS, these woes will be a thing of the past! GrowTech proudly presents the MAGPLANT 5000, an all-in-one item-sucking and planting masterpiece. Simply target the machine to the seed or block of your choosing, and it will collect and store any that drop in your world! WARNING: Only collects items from breaking blocks and harvesting!

Item → MAGPLANT 5000 Remote
Item → Switch your patent-pending MAGPLANT 5000 to plant mode, and this handy remote will place any blocks or seeds it contains wherever you target! Wow! It's not a miracle - it's SCIENCE! (TM)

Item → Cupid Leash
Item → This cherubic companion brings romance wherever he goes! With feathery wings and a love-laced bow, he's an unstoppable source of sweetness.

Item → Heart Shirt
Item → Forget wearing your heart on your sleeve - put it right out there on your shirt so everyone can see how lovable you are!

Item → Golden Heart Shirt
Item → True heartthrobs don't just assume people will realize how amazing they are - they wear awesome animated shirts like this to show off their romantic might for them!

Item → USMom's Talaria
Item → Made to the exacting specifications of its angelic sponsor, these winged wonders will get you where you need to be in a blur of flapping finery! Sponsored by USMom.

Item → Golden Talaria
Item → For times when ordinary winged shoes won't do, pop these shining masterpieces on and show the world you're not just faster and flightier than the average footwearer - you're also fancier.

Item → Heart Necklace
Item → A heart that's incomplete is a symbol of want, of the need to belong, and that means this necklace is looking for a match. Find your valentine out there and be whole again!

Item → Weather Machine - Valentine's
Item → Love is in the air! Send hearts sailing through pink and fluffy skies with this adorable weather machine and everyone will know what a romantic you are! This sensitive technology will not function while damaged.

Item → Teddy Bear Block
Item → This is probably the only safe bear out there - and he's huggably wonderful! No need to worry about claws and doom with a plush companion like this. If only real bears were as friendly...

Item → Love Birds
Item → Chirp chirp! Learn the songs of love from these sweethearts. They're so happy together, they can't wait to share their joy with the world!

Item → Love Curtain
Item → A tender-hearted drapery to hide you and your sweetheart from prying eyes! Just make sure you know them well - otherwise you might end up getting in a less-than-affectionate fight!

Item → Valentine's Dust
Item → A sprinkle of romance, a touch of affection, and a dash of intimacy, all ground up into one passionate powder! What could it be for?

Item → Valentine's Card
Item → Show the world you care by using this card to send a gift of love to a fellow Growtopian! They'll surely appreciate the gesture, and who knows - perhaps your generosity will be rewarded!

Item → Laser Grid
Item → This is just a harmless frame with cool-looking lights on it, right? Huh. Now they're getting brighter. And hotter. Um... maybe you should move. No, faster than that! FASTER!

Item → ShockBot - Level 1
Item → Direct your ShockBot from this control platform, and send it sailing into the faces of the unwary! Ouch! That one hurts! This CyBot can take up to 5 commands.

Item → SpikeBot - Level 1
Item → Direct your SpikeBot from this control platform. If anyone so much as GRAZES its deadly surface, they'll be dead, dead, dead! This CyBot can take up to 5 commands.

Item → Command - Move Left
Item → Send your CyBots one square to the left with this command!

Item → Command - Move Right
Item → Send your CyBots one square to the right with this command!

Item → Command - Move Up
Item → Send your CyBots one square straight up with this command!

Item → Command - Move Down
Item → Send your CyBots one square straight down with this command!

Item → Command - Pause
Item → Make your CyBots stop for a moment with this command!

Item → Command - Basic Shot Left
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 4 squares to the left with this command!

Item → Command - Basic Shot Right
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 4 squares to the right with this command!

Item → Command - Basic Shot Up
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 4 squares straight up with this command!

Item → Command - Basic Shot Down
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 4 squares straight down with this command!

Item → Command - Improved Shot Left
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 8 squares to the left with this command!

Item → Command - Improved Shot Right
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 8 squares to the right with this command!

Item → Command - Improved Shot Up
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 8 squares straight up with this command!

Item → Command - Improved Shot Down
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 8 squares straight down with this command!

Item → Command - Long Shot Left
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 12 squares to the left with this command!

Item → Command - Long Shot Right
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 12 squares to the right with this command!

Item → Command - Long Shot Up
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 12 squares straight up with this command!

Item → Command - Long Shot Down
Item → Make your CyBots (the ones that can shoot, that is) fire 12 squares straight down with this command!

Item → Small Seed Pack
Item → Contains 5 randomly chosen seeds, including 1 rare seed! Use it on yourself to open it - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → ShooterBot - Level 1
Item → Line up the perfect shot for your ShooterBot with this control platform! One touch of its deadly laser cannon, and your foes will be history. This CyBot can take up to 5 commands.

Item → FlameBot - Level 1
Item → Your enemies will run in panic before the power of your FlameBot - hurts to touch, and hurts even more when it fires its Inferno Cannon! This CyBot can take up to 5 commands.

Item → Will of the Wild
Item → The powerful forces of the wild elements; fire, water and earth live in this ethereal hair - just don't mention the air element! The mage that tamed these wild forces could never control his wind, and he's already the butt of all jokes at mage parties!

Item → Giant Pot O' Gold
Item → Gleaming treasures await! Let's see if you have the luck o' the Irish - drop stuff in here, and wonderful items may emerge!

Item → Weather Machine - St. Paddy's Day
Item → Celebrate St. Patrick's Day in style with the most magical of all weather! You can only have one of these per world.

Item → Drinks Hat
Item → Celebrate alllll day - *hic* - long with this hands-free, extra-*hic*-strong drinking device. Urp. 'Scuse me.

Item → Faerie Face Paint 
Item → Bring out your natural beauty and turn yourself into a true spirit of nature. You won't get magic powers from it, though - unless you count looking lovely as a power!

Item → Irish Dance Dress
Item → You might fling your shoes off when the spirit of the dance takes over, but at least you can be confident this dress will stay firmly on your body.

Item → Lucky Clover Background
Item → A lovely stylized image of a clover, the luck o' the Irish is with you!

Item → Sheet Music: Flute Note
Item → If you aren't in range of a Boombox, this will play a flute note for you. Put it in different places for different pitches.

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Flute
Item → This plays a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Flute Note.

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Flute
Item → This plays a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Flute Note.

Item → Harp
Item → The heavenly sounds of the harp - who can resist the soothing pleasure of running their fingers across the strings?

Item → Giant's Causeway Block
Item → This remarkable block will create an area of interlocking basalt columns - legend has it they were created by a giant!

Item → Rainbowfish Leash
Item → Nobody knows where the name of this fish came from - it's quite mysterious - but what we DO know is that it'll fill your world with happiness and glee as it follows you around.

Item → Rainbow Cape
Item → A mesmerizing rainbow ripple cape. Dazzle your friends!

Item → Magical Rainbow Fishing Rod
Item → Equip this and then use bait on water next to you to go fishing! All you have to do is wait for a bite, and then punch the fish before it escapes! If you miss, your bait is wasted, so punch fast. You will suffer mischievous effects when catching fish with this rod! Only found in Blarney 6 and 8.

Item → Paper Dividing Wall
Item → Delicate, stylish paper makes for a fine traditional wall. Just don't lean on it too hard!

Item → Decorative Paper Wall
Item → This is made of delicate, stylish paper for a fine traditional wallpaper.

Item → Chinese Arch
Item → An arch of great cultural significance and history. Plus it looks nifty.

Item → Coin Door
Item → The gateway to prosperity! May it always be open to you.

Item → Fortune Cookie
Item → A tasty treat with a touch of wisdom. Crack one open for instant enlightenment (and prizes)!

Item → Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Draconic Wings
Item → Shimmering scales of pure power coat these marvelous wings, marking them as the sign of the truly fortunate. These give you the power to double jump... and look amazing. Fortune has smiled on you for possessing this! There are only 1100 in existence!

Item → Red Dragon Head
Item → The head of the dragon! What else could you add to this, I wonder...?

Item → Red Dragon Body
Item → The body of the dragon! See how long you can make it!

Item → Red Dragon Legs
Item → The legs of the dragon! See how long you can make it!

Item → Red Dragon Tail
Item → The tail of the dragon! An end, perhaps... or is it a new beginning?

Item → Lunar Spice Spray
Item → Packed with rich spices and wholesome powers, this spray will speed up the growth of one tree from the Chinese New Year event by 24 hours!

Item → Chinese Fireworks
Item → Set the skies alight with a burst of traditional fireworks from the land that invented them!

Item → Chinese Crackers
Item → A snapping, popping string of fun! Light it up and let the merrymaking commence!

Item → Growmoji World Lock
Item → Pop a world lock into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Grow
Item → Gain a bit of growth in your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Gems
Item → Make your chat sparkle with delicious gems! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Growtoken
Item → Brighten up your chat with a rare and wonderful Growtoken! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Vend
Item → Put your chat up for sale with a vending machine! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → ShooterBot - Level 2
Item → Line up the perfect shot for your ShooterBot with this control platform! One touch of its deadly laser cannon, and your foes will be history. This CyBot can take up to 10 commands.

Item → ShooterBot - Level 3
Item → Line up the perfect shot for your ShooterBot with this control platform! One touch of its deadly laser cannon, and your foes will be history. This CyBot can take up to 15 commands.

Item → ShooterBot - Level 4
Item → Line up the perfect shot for your ShooterBot with this control platform! One touch of its deadly laser cannon, and your foes will be history. This CyBot can take up to 20 commands.

Item → FlameBot - Level 2
Item → Your enemies will run in panic before the power of your FlameBot - hurts to touch, and hurts even more when it fires its Inferno Cannon! This CyBot can take up to 10 commands.

Item → FlameBot - Level 3
Item → Your enemies will run in panic before the power of your FlameBot - hurts to touch, and hurts even more when it fires its Inferno Cannon! This CyBot can take up to 15 commands.

Item → FlameBot - Level 4
Item → Your enemies will run in panic before the power of your FlameBot - hurts to touch, and hurts even more when it fires its Inferno Cannon! This CyBot can take up to 20 commands.

Item → ShockBot - Level 2
Item → Direct your ShockBot from this control platform, and send it sailing into the faces of the unwary! Ouch! That one hurts! This CyBot can take up to 10 commands.

Item → ShockBot - Level 3
Item → Direct your ShockBot from this control platform, and send it sailing into the faces of the unwary! Ouch! That one hurts! This CyBot can take up to 15 commands.

Item → ShockBot - Level 4
Item → Direct your ShockBot from this control platform, and send it sailing into the faces of the unwary! Ouch! That one hurts! This CyBot can take up to 20 commands.

Item → SpikeBot - Level 2
Item → Direct your SpikeBot from this control platform. If anyone so much as GRAZES its deadly surface, they'll be dead, dead, dead! This CyBot can take up to 10 commands.

Item → SpikeBot - Level 3
Item → Direct your SpikeBot from this control platform. If anyone so much as GRAZES its deadly surface, they'll be dead, dead, dead! This CyBot can take up to 15 commands.

Item → SpikeBot - Level 4
Item → Direct your SpikeBot from this control platform. If anyone so much as GRAZES its deadly surface, they'll be dead, dead, dead! This CyBot can take up to 20 commands.

Item → Growmoji Oops
Item → Feeling nervous and a little awesome? Grin and bear it with this growmoji! Just consume to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Sleep
Item → Zzz... wha?! Oh, you're feeling sleepy, too? Let everyone know it! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Punch
Item → Behold the mighty fist of Growtopia! Punch it into your chat so all may see your power! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Broken Heart
Item → Oh no! If something's gone wrong at heart, you can let your friends know with this growmoji - and we hope things get better soon! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Cry
Item → Wah! Cry it out - and into your chat - with this teary-eyed face! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Guild Lock
Item → Locks an entire world for the guild. Use your wrench to set guild member and non-member access. The guild lock cannot be broken.

Item → Guild Key
Item → The key to your kingdom! If you trade this to another player while in your guild world, they will become the new guild leader, and you will be demoted to Co-Leader, so BE CAREFUL!

Item → Guild Entrance - Normal
Item → Members only! This plain - but effective - private door only lets people in your guild (or folks you like) pass through. Wrench it to add guild members and any 'others'. Note: Guild members will automatically be removed if they leave the guild!

Item → Guild Entrance - Ornate
Item → Members only! This ornate private door only lets people in your guild (or folks you like) pass through. Wrench it to add guild members and any 'others'. Note: Guild members will automatically be removed if they leave the guild!

Item → Guild Banner - Normal (Horizontal)
Item → Show off your guild colors with this honorable banner. Banner colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Banner - Ornate (Horizontal)
Item → Show off your guild colors with this honorable - and ornate - banner. Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Banner - Normal (Vertical)
Item → Show off your guild colors in a vertical manner with this banner. Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Banner - Ornate (Vertical)
Item → Show off your guild colors in a vertical - and ornate - manner with this banner. Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag Pole - Spear
Item → What better way to show off your guild flag than to perch it on top of this super-pointy pole!

Item → Guild Flag Pole - Wings
Item → What better way to show off your guild flag than to perch it on top of this wonderfully-wingy pole!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered - yet still groovy - flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Filigree)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and filigreed flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Harlequin)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and harlequin-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Plaid)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and plaid-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Cross)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and cross-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Slant)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and slant-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Panel)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and panel-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Stripe)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and stripe-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Flame)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and flame-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Tatters (Division)
Item → Show off your guild mascot with this tattered and well-divisioned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Filigree)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and filigreed flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Harlequin)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and harlequin-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Plaid)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and plaid-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Cross)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and cross-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Slant)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and slant-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Panel)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and panel-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Stripe)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and stripe-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Flame)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and flame-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Arrow (Division)
Item → Point the way to victory for your guild with this arrow-shaped and well-divisioned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Filigree)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and filigreed flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Harlequin)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and harlequin-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Plaid)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and plaid-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Cross)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and cross-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Slant)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and slant-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Panel)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and panel-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Stripe)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and stripe-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Flame)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and flame-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Wave (Division)
Item → Surf into success and show off your guild mascot with this wave-shaped and well-divisioned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Filigree)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and filigreed flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Harlequin)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and harlequin-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Plaid)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and plaid-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Cross)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and cross-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Slant)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and slant-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Panel)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and panel-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Stripe)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and stripe-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Flame)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and flame-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Peak (Division)
Item → Show off your guild mascot and let everyone know you're at the top of your game with this peak-shaped and well-divisioned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Filigree)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and filigreed flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Harlequin)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and harlequin-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Plaid)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and plaid-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Cross)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and cross-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Slant)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and slant-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Panel)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and panel-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Stripe)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and stripe-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Flame)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and flame-patterned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Flag - Shield (Division)
Item → Stand proud and show off your guild mascot with this shield-shaped and well-divisioned flag! Its colors will adapt to the seeds from your guild mascot!

Item → Guild Potion - Geiger
Item → A mighty guild potion! Only a Guild Leader can consume it, which will give its buff to ALL guild members. Guild Potion Buff: Geiger charge time reduced by 25%! - Buff lasts for a limited time.

Item → Guild Potion - Grow
Item → A mighty guild potion! Only a Guild Leader can consume it, which will give its buff to ALL guild members. Guild Potion Buff: 5% Grow time reduction! - Buff lasts for a limited time.

Item → Guild Potion - Gems
Item → A mighty guild potion! Only a Guild Leader can consume it, which will give its buff to ALL guild members. Guild Potion Buff: 1% bonus chance  of Extra Gems to be dropped! - Buff lasts for a limited time.

Item → Guild Potion - Big Fish
Item → A mighty guild potion! Only a Guild Leader can consume it, which will give its buff to ALL guild members. Guild Potion Buff: 10% chance of catching a bigger fish! - Buff lasts for a limited time.

Item → Guild Potion - Blocks
Item → A mighty guild potion! Only a Guild Leader can consume it, which will give its buff to ALL guild members. Guild Potion Buff: 1% bonus chance of a dropping an Extra Block! - Buff lasts for a limited time.

Item → Guild Potion: White Mixer
Item → A small part of a mighty guild potion! Collect enough mixers to brew a truly terrific concoction!

Item → Guild Potion: Black Mixer
Item → A small part of a mighty guild potion! Collect enough mixers to brew a truly terrific concoction!

Item → Gold Guild Chest
Item → Congratulations to you for making it to the Top 10 on the Guild Leaderboards! Open this glorious golden chest for a surprise item!

Item → Silver Guild Chest
Item → Congratulations to you on getting into the Top 11-30 on the Guild Leaderboards! Open this shining silver chest for a surprise item!

Item → Bronze Guild Chest
Item → Congratulations to you on landing in the Top 31-100 on the Guild Leaderboards! Open this beautiful bronze chest for a surprise item!

Item → Guild Chest
Item → Loaded with guildy goodness (and other things)! Pop this chest open for a surprise item!

Item → Ubisoft
Item → Not used, it's just an icon. But, like, the best icon ever.

Item → Epoch Machine
Item → Send your world spinning through time and space! A distant past of fiery volcanoes, a forgotten age of ice and auroras, or a time-tossed land of majesty and floating isles await you! Wrench your awesome Epoch Machine to choose your time period (and adjust other settings). Note: You can only have one of these per world.

Item → Bunny Toy
Item → You can never have enough cute bunnies! Carry this little guy with you wherever you go!

Item → Pastel Dress - Blue
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this blue pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Dress - Pink
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this pink pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Dress - Purple
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this purple pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Dress - Orange
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this orange pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Dress - Yellow
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this yellow pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Dress - Aqua
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this aqua pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Dress - Green
Item → Spring fashion has arrived! 'Tis the seasons for brightening skies, growing seeds, and this green pastel dress!

Item → Pastel Tie
Item → Show your business side this spring with a power pastel tie! That promotion is yours!

Item → Egg Shell Spikes
Item → Yikes! Don't try walking on these shells. This is the egg that breaks YOU. Do not touch!

Item → Bunny Lock
Item → Locks an entire world. Works exactly like a normal world lock, only WAY fluffier.

Item → Hidden Eggs
Item → Springtime treats are hiding here, which makes this the happiest kind of grass.

Item → Chocolate Bunny
Item → Ganache-filled, cocoa-dusted, deep-fried bouncy chocolatey bunny goodness! Yum! Food Buff: High Jump! Doesn't stack with other high jump mods

Item → Totally Legit Bunnyfish Leash
Item → Amazing! You have trained the incredibly rare, elusive, and completely real Bunnyfish! 100% cute, 0% fake!

Item → Totally Legit Bunny Ears
Item → These totally legit ears somehow allow you to have your actual ears too. Now that's bunny magic!

Item → Magic Bell
Item → Ding ding! Ring in spring - and any other cool events you can imagine - with this mystic bell. It's enchanted to sound exactly the same, every time you ring it! Wow!

Item → Game Egg
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this flag belongs to! During a Game, players can steal enemy flags and deliver them to their own Game Goals.

Item → Missing Game Egg
Item → This egg has been taken! It will return when the Game is over...

Item → Carried Game Egg
Item → A flag being carried by a player. Get moving!

Item → Game Goal Egg Basket
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this block belongs to! During a Game, you may want to bring Eggs here.

Item → Game Grave Egg
Item → Use your wrench to set which team this block belongs to! During a Game, players of that team will respawn here.

Item → Growmoji Bunny
Item → Pop a bunny into your chat and get your hop on! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Bear Spirit
Item → You are one with your spirit animal! The awesome guidance of the Bear Spirit has given you the gift of double jump! Which is something wild bears do. Don't look it up. Just trust us.

Item → Rainbow Hair
Item → Style your hair in shimmering rainbow light to amuse your friends and infuriate Leprechauns. Also works great for reading late at night.

Item → Intergalactic Warrior Hair
Item → YOUR HAIR IS NOW PURE POWER AND THAT POWER IS OVER NINE THOUSAAAAAAAAAAND! BELIEVE IN THIS HAIR, FOR THIS HAIR BELIEVES IN YOU!

Item → Egg Rescue Ticket
Item → Growtopia requires you, great adventurer, to save Easter and rescue the eggs from Bunny Barko. This ticket entitles the holder to one entry in the Great Growtopia Easter Egg Rescue project. Present this to claim your reward! Fabulous prizes await all who participate.

Item → Dumb Leader
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → WOTD Trophy 2018
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2018.

Item → GrowScan 9000
Item → Bewildered by blocks? Mystified by machines? Well, struggle no more! The GrowScan 9000 is here to help! Wrench this incredible invention and you'll instantly learn about every last block in your world - Check stats, find items, and more with a flip of the wrench! Wow!

Item → Element - Earth
Item → Elemental icon

Item → Element - Fire
Item → Elemental icon

Item → Element - Wind
Item → Elemental icon

Item → Element - Water
Item → Elemental icon

Item → Whip of Truth
Item → Whirling with wisdom and knowledge long forgotten, the Whip of Truth can pull secrets from the very air - AND those you whap with it! Under its gleaming golden might, no falsehoods can survive...

Item → Ring Of Shrinking
Item → Become your very own Mini-You! Fool your friends with this amazing optical illusion, now with complete lack of particle emitters! Once again, we reiterate that this is an illusion - Growtech accepts no responsibility for users getting stuck in tight spaces (or inability to use auras convincingly).

Item → Sheet Music: Spanish Guitar Note
Item → Magnifico! This sheet will play a spanish guitar note for you, as along as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Spanish Guitar
Item → This sheet will play a spanish guitar note for you - a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Spanish Guitar Note - as along as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Spanish Guitar
Item → This sheet will play a spanish guitar note for you - a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Spanish Guitar Note - as along as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Axolotl Leash
Item → Kudos to you! You've trained a fish that's actually a salamander! Now that he's worldly and wise, this mighty little Mexican salamander is all too happy to follow you around!

Item → Riding Axolotl
Item → After some intensive training, this cute little Mexican critter can now be ridden across the land - and he's stronger than he looks. Ride through town and give a jaunty wave to jealous passersby from atop this majestic steed!

Item → Riding Fiesta Axolotl
Item → What's this now? The cute little Mexican critter is wearing a sombrero? Well, things just got a whole lot more adorable, didn't they?

Item → Feather Headdress
Item → If you're the slightest bit ticklish, stay away from this flamboyant, feather-adorned headgear. If not, then wear it with grace and become The Tickle Master!

Item → Fiesta Mariachi Guitar
Item → Bring the party everywhere you go. When you /dance with this, you can perform for your friends!

Item → Magnifico Carne Guacamole - Bueno
Item → One great guacamole! Will have you saying, "I don't give a guac!" as you and your pet charge into battle! Food Buff: 100 gems for every Pet Trainer defeated.

Item → Magnifico Carne Guacamole - Sabroso
Item → One grandly tasty guacamole! Will have you saying, "I don't give a guac!" as you and your pet charge into battle! Food Buff: 150 gems for every Pet Trainer defeated.

Item → Magnifico Carne Guacamole - Perfecto
Item → One glamorously perfect guacamole! Will have you saying, "I don't give a guac!" as you and your pet charge into battle! Food Buff: 200 gems for every Pet Trainer defeated.

Item → Growmoji Cactus
Item → Pop some spicey spikes into your chat with this cactus! Just consume to add it to your available Growmojis!

Item → Pinata Lasso
Item → Make the Piñata Bash more fun than ever by snaring the Ultra Piñata with this lasso! It'll seriously reduce the speed it travels for 15 seconds!

Item → Bandolier
Item → The favored garb of a legendary outlaw, this is the perfect gear for rustling cattle, robbing trains, and - surprisingly - afternoon tea. Who knew?

Item → Dual Six-Shooters
Item → Did you shoot 11 bullets... or 12? Trick question: These guns never run out! Sure, NONE of Growtopia's guns ever run out, but these come loaded with extra grit and vigor! Yahoo!

Item → Dark Spirit Board
Item → Able to commune with dark and devastating powers from beyond the veil, this board can rip answers from the other side in the hands of a talented medium! Requires 5 brave Growtopians to stand in a circle around the board in order to properly contact the Realms Beyond. Only the owner of a world can place this board for safety reasons. WARNING: Using this means meddling with incredibly strong powers that can damage - and maybe destroy - worlds! Be careful where you use it. Your bedroom may not be the best idea!

Item → Spirit Board
Item → Tired of paying overpriced mediums and fortune tellers to chat up the dead? Don't throw your money away! Invest in a Spirit Board and start contacting ghosts on your own! It's like a seance in a box!

Item → Spirit Guide
Item → This little ghost will guide you on your travels, and he'll even reduce the chance of a Spirit Board breaking when summoning ghosts! Aww, isn't that nice of him?

Item → Ghost-Be-Gone
Item → A blast of ectoplasmic annihilation! Use this mighty mix to remove all ghosts from the world!

Item → Dumpster
Item → Pretty standard place to put all your trash, but that's about it. At least it's not on fire.

Item → White Brick Wall
Item → Combines a fairly boring color with a moderately boring building material to create... a somewhat boring wall. Huzzah.

Item → Fuse Box
Item → Your standard wall, now with electrical wires and junctions and stuff! Everything's cooler when you stick a fuse box on it.

Item → Otherworldly Block
Item → This thing isn't from around here. I've looked at a lot of blocks, but not many that looked back! Especially from another world...

Item → Otherworldly Warning Light
Item → Alert! Alert! This spiritually-attuned light will flash on if it detects otherworldly entities nearby! Use it to prepare yourself for an onslaught from the afterlife!

Item → Boss Goo
Item → Rare spectral ichor! You don't get this from just any ghost. I bet it could be turned into something useful... Warning: Is sure to overload any Spirit Storage Unit! Good news, though: The more ghosts you have in the SSU before you add this, the better your odds for something really good!

Item → Mind-Ghost-In-A-Jar
Item → Spooky! This jar contains a ghost - a mental one! You can throw it to break the jar and unleash the ghost, or instead drop it gently in front of a Spirit Storage Unit, where you can keep the ghost for good!

Item → Ghost Trap
Item → Snags spirits in a snap! Place this trap down and it'll suck in a ghost that's above it. The Ghost Trap generates an enhanced field that is larger than a ghost jar, but you'll probably still need some friends with Neutron Guns to keep the ghost contained or it will escape! A trap takes 2 seconds to activate, and then only collects spirits for 5 seconds, so time it carefully.

Item → Containment Field Power Node
Item → Power this node with little ghosts to activate. Put four active nodes near each other to create a containment field that can weaken a Boss Ghost! Note: The Boss Ghost can only be damaged while weakened inside the field!

Item → Neutron Power Glove
Item → Summons deadly spectral energies to give you the awesome power to punch ghosts dead! Well, again. Actually, we're not sure where they go... but they're not happy about it!

Item → White Brick Pillar
Item → You'd think adding a pillar to a boring white wall made of boring white bricks would make it more exciting, but... turns out it's a boring pillar, too. Dang.

Item → Neutron Focus Core
Item → Insert this into your Neutron Pack to give it a little extra oomph. Will deal double damage for a short time before burning out, so use it wisely!

Item → Foil Hat
Item → Paranoid there's someone out there, inclined to meddle with your mind? Don this fancy little hat and fear no more! Its foily goodness will protect you from even the most powerful mind control!

Item → Summer Event Player Medal: Gold
Item → Awarded for achieving FIRST PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Summer season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → EctoJuicer
Item → Infuse your muscles with the unearthly might of the Other Side! This spectral potion gives you the strength to wring every last drop of ectoplasm from a defeated Boss Ghost, granting you an EXTRA Boss Goo after a successful banishing!

Item → Bamboo Frame
Item → Use a touch of the tropics to make your art pop! Comes with a blank canvas inside if you don't have any art. Note: if your art is made of background blocks, you'll need to apply Block Glue to it to make the frame surround it!

Item → Pineapple Koa Lantern
Item → Light up your next luau with this stylishly fiery lantern! Ow! So hot right now.

Item → Pineapple Sign
Item → Point the way to your next party (and a few other points besides) with this multi-directional sign. Where to, Growtopian?

Item → Pineapple Tiki Door
Item → You can't open the door to a tropical adventure if you don't, y'know, actually have a door. Try this one!

Item → Pineapple Fish Leash
Item → This sweet (and slightly sour) fish has flopped out of the tropical waters it calls home and onto a leash! Take him out for your next luau!

Item → Pineapple Tiki Mask
Item → Show off your pineapple spirit with this leering mask! Looks just as great on a shelf as it does on your face! Wait... was this actually a fish at one point?

Item → Pineapple Spear
Item → Now you're playing with pine-power! Wield the true might of the pineapple and blast blocks into oblivion with this delicious spear!

Item → Pine-ch Buggy
Item → Part car, part pineapple, all style. There might be a lot of cars on the road, but none can compare to the four-wheeled fury of the Pine-ch Buggy!

Item → Pineapple Engine Part
Item → A sweet-smelling piece of a larger whole, this engine part is infused with pineapple power!

Item → Pineapple Wheel
Item → Reinforced with pineapple rubble and filled with concentrated pineapple scent, this wheel will get you on the road - when you collect a few more, that is.

Item → Pineapple Plating
Item → Offering unmatched pine-tection to its passengers, there's no safer way to travel than in a pineapple-plated car. Get a few more pieces and build your masterpiece!

Item → Super Pineapple Guardian Charm
Item → Pining for protection? Make the power of the pineapple guardian personal with this amazing necklace! When activated, grants immunity to thrown consumables for 5 seconds (starts as soon as you get hit), followed by a 5-minute cooldown.

Item → Growmoji Super Pineapple
Item → Pop a Super Pineapple into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Dumb Question 1
Item → Not used, it's just a dumb question.

Item → Dumb Question 2
Item → Not used, it's just another dumb question.

Item → Dumb Question 3
Item → Not used, it's yet another dumb question.

Item → Summer Event Player Medal: Bronze
Item → Awarded for achieving THIRD PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Summer season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Summer Event Player Medal: Silver
Item → Awarded for achieving SECOND PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Summer season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Summer Event Guild Medal: Bronze
Item → Awarded for achieving THIRD PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Summer season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Summer Event Guild Medal: Silver
Item → Awarded for achieving SECOND PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Summer season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Summer Event Guild Medal: Gold
Item → Awarded for achieving FIRST PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Summer season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Extract-O-Snap
Item → Got a big pile of junk and don't want to waste time sorting through it? Have no fear: Extract-O-Snap is here! This handy hook will scan any stacks you target and then extract your desired item in a snap!

Item → Extractor Dynamo
Item → Building on the design of the Extract-O-Snap, the Extractor Dynamo will analyze stacks of items within range and extract anything you desire. Best of all, it can do this as many times as you like - it's a permanently awesome addition to your item-sorting setup!

Item → Aurora Wings
Item → Glowing with the majesty of the high heavens, these wings shift and shimmer with all the colors of a wild aurora. They also send out shimmering motes of light, which not only look amazing, but also make everything 200% more sparkly!

Item → SearBot - Level 1
Item → GrowTech's engineers were trying to invent a way to make multiple grilled cheese sandwiches at the same time, but ended up creating this terrifying CyBot of burning pain! Funny how often that happens. Can take up to 5 CyBot commands.

Item → SearBot - Level 2
Item → GrowTech's engineers were trying to invent a way to make multiple grilled cheese sandwiches at the same time, but ended up creating this terrifying CyBot of burning pain! Funny how often that happens. Can take up to 10 CyBot commands.

Item → SearBot - Level 3
Item → GrowTech's engineers were trying to invent a way to make multiple grilled cheese sandwiches at the same time, but ended up creating this terrifying CyBot of burning pain! Funny how often that happens. Can take up to 15 CyBot commands.

Item → SearBot - Level 4
Item → GrowTech's engineers were trying to invent a way to make multiple grilled cheese sandwiches at the same time, but ended up creating this terrifying CyBot of burning pain! Funny how often that happens. Can take up to 20 CyBot commands.

Item → Deathtrap Wall
Item → Ready to pulverize unsuspecting parkourists! Don't linger too long near these, or you'll be the subject of a very... pointed exchange!

Item → Dimension Block
Item → Now you see them, now you don't! These blocks like to phase in and out of our visual dimension, but don't worry - they're still there!

Item → Royal Gilt Bathtub
Item → If you're going to look your best, shouldn't you start with the place you clean up? All that glitters may not be gold, but this tub certainly is!

Item → Royal Canopy Bed
Item → The perfect place to drift to sleep after a hard day of watching knights joust, fools juggle, and peasants till crops.

Item → Throne
Item → Lord it over your lessers from this seat of power (lessers not included).

Item → Banquet Dining Chair
Item → Perfect for pulling up to a medieval banquet table laden with roasts and goblets!

Item → Banquet Table
Item → The perfect place for a feast (or a politically-charged argument with lords and ladies). Add more pieces for more guests!

Item → Castle Chandelier
Item → Shed a little light on your drafty keep with this bejeweled chandelier. Also handy for interrupting sword fights!

Item → Iron Torch
Item → A sconce of iron with a light of crackling fire, just like in olden times! Punch to turn on and off, just like in... uh... never?

Item → Suit of Armor
Item → Look, but don't touch! This spiky suit will shred the unwary with even the barest touch. Someone really ought to put a rope around it or something...

Item → Bear Wall Mount
Item → Rar! Show everyone what a fearsome hunter (or antique collector) you are with this trophy. Warning: May not impress anyone born after the 19th century.

Item → Gibbet
Item → Too many thieves and rapscallions stinking up your castle? Toss the riff-raff into this hanging cage and turn them into a cheerful decoration instead!

Item → Castle Door
Item → There's only one way into the best castles, and it isn't a Hidden Door or a Hospital Door or a Log Cabin Door or a Saloon Door or a- say, we've got a lot of doors in Growtopia, don't we?

Item → Castle Stone
Item → Don't build a castle out of just anything - use special Castle-brand (TM) stone for a catapult-resistant treat that's sure to impress visiting nobles and stinky peasants alike!

Item → Castle Stone Background
Item → All good castles need walls on multiple sides. Don't just put up some blocks on the front and call it a day - add these background blocks for a true castle experience!

Item → Castle Turret
Item → Top your castle with more than just flat stonework! These turrets are great for spying on your knights when they think they're on a break, too!

Item → Castle Sewage Pipe
Item → Castles are pretty disgusting places, and this is where all that grossness goes. It's really kinda awful, so try not to go for a swim. Or, like, put it near anything you don't want to smell terrible.

Item → Tunic - Royal Red
Item → Rocking the clothing world for thousands of years and still going strong, this tunic isn't just a medieval fashion statement: It's also red.

Item → Tunic - Royal Blue
Item → Rocking the clothing world for thousands of years and still going strong, this tunic isn't just a medieval fashion statement: It's also blue.

Item → Tunic - Royal Green
Item → Rocking the clothing world for thousands of years and still going strong, this tunic isn't just a medieval fashion statement: It's also green.

Item → Guild Steed
Item → A trusty steed for a trusted guildmate! Collect one for all your allies and have a parade! Or keep them all to yourself and taunt your friends. Either way, this horse is just happy to help.

Item → Guild Night Stallion
Item → A mighty steed for a mighty guild. This midnight mount has giant hooves and an even bigger attitude. Perfect for real leaders!

Item → Summer Token
Item → Access to the wonders of the Summer Season! Collect these to unlock its many rewards!

Item → Gold Architect Chest
Item → GOLD ARCHITECT CHEST

Item → Silver Architect Chest
Item → SILVER ARCHITECT CHEST

Item → Bronze Architect Chest
Item → BRONZE ARCHITECT CHEST

Item → Overstuffed Vintage Leather Armchair
Item → Now THIS is comfort. If the best chairs are fluffy and supportive, then this is like sitting in a cloud that's also a therapist.

Item → Articulated Reading Lamp
Item → Toss a light on your work (or a good book) and spend the night in illumination with this angled lamp. Now that's a bright idea!

Item → Castle Moat
Item → Keep out peasants and other undesirables with this gross moat! Nobody will want to take a dive in these waters!

Item → Surgical Tool Bag
Item → A bag of medical goodness! This bottomless sack somehow produces surgery tools, even if it's empty! We assume someone fills it when you're not watching, but who? And why?! It's on a timed lock, so it can only be opened once every five days.

Item → Holographic Mannequin
Item → Send your fashion shows to the future with the flickering fun of holograms! This mannequin will wear anything a normal mannequin can, and look super futuristic while it does!

Item → Architect's Robes
Item → Keep warm long into the night with these well-tailored robes. Perfect for workaholic architects who want to jot down just a few more diagrams before bedtime!

Item → Architect's Compass
Item → Keep your finest tools close at hand by putting them around your neck on a chain! Looks pretty blingin' too, which, as any architect will tell you, is a must-have for neckwear.

Item → Architect's Beret
Item → Cover up your wispy architect hair with this classy beret, ensuring the whole world will know you're cultured, and making it less likely for them to guess you're bald.

Item → Architect's Beard
Item → No master of diagrams and charts can be trusted unless they also have a big, highly-educated beard to back them up. Now THAT'S the face of an architect!

Item → Architectural Diagrams
Item → One of your finest projects! Pop these plans on the wall to let everyone know your angled achievement!

Item → Anatomical Diagrams
Item → You've studied the frameworks that support buildings, the heavens, and even the body itself - and you have the notes and drawings to prove it! Growtopians are brilliantly engineered, and these notes prove it!

Item → Biological Diagram - Fauna
Item → All your notes on animals would fill a library, but this piece is just too nice to stick in a book - so let's stick it on a wall, instead!

Item → Botanical Diagram - Flora
Item → All your notes on plants would fill a library, but this piece is just too nice to stick in a book - so let's stick it on a wall, instead!

Item → Drafting Table
Item → You can't create buildings and other beautiful things on just ANY table: You need a place with the perfect angle, and this drafting table is IT!

Item → Loaded Bookshelf
Item → These shelves are the best way to show everyone how much you've learned from (and how much you've spent on) books! Build them ever-higher and surround yourself with knowledge!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Hammer
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Hammer
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Hammer
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Scythe
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected trees, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Scythe
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected trees! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Scythe
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected trees!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Bone Saw
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected patients, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Bone Saw
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected patients! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Bone Saw
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected patients!

Item → Reliable Anomarod
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected fish, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Pristine Anomarod
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected fish! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Anomarod
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected fish! This exquisite rod will catch 10% bigger fish than normal.

Item → Amulet of Force
Item → The mystic Jewel of Might empowers this amulet, lending its supernatural strength to the wearer and giving them a little extra oomph when they want to break stuff!

Item → Glove of the Giants
Item → A big glove demands a big owner, but this glove takes it a step further - it'll MAKE you bigger! Slip the glove on and send the might of the giants coursing through your veins. You'll be towering over your friends and squashing your problems like bugs in no time!

Item → Summer Blaster Shirt
Item → Rock the season with the new Summer Blaster style! This shirt doesn't just say you're cool - it also says you're hot! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Summer Blaster Shirt
Item → Rock the season in ULTRA Summer Blaster style! This shirt doesn't just say you're ULTRA COOL - it also says you're ULTRA HOT! Try to find another line of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Summer Blaster Pants
Item → Rock the season with the new Summer Blaster style! These pants don't just say you're cool - they also say you're hot! Try to find another line of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Summer Blaster Pants
Item → Rock the season in ULTRA Summer Blaster style! These pants don't just say you're ULTRA COOL - they also say you're ULTRA HOT! Try to find another line of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Growmoji Peace Sign
Item → Calm your chat with a touch of peace! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Terrified Face
Item → Give your chat a jolt of terror! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Trollface
Item → Troll your chat as badly as you troll your friends! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Evil Devil
Item → Mock your chat with this fiendish face! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Weather Machine - Guild
Item → Proud of your guild and its amazing mascot? Well, time to show it off in style! This machine will set your world of choice spinning with weather based on YOUR special mascot! Now that's guild power!

Item → World Architect
Item → Need help planning your next great creation? The World Architect will project a numbered grid over your entire world, scaling as you zoom in and out to let you pinpoint blocks and locations for tweaking!

Item → Flaming Aura
Item → Strap on this awesome item and prepare to receive an aura of brilliant fire energy! Also, double-jump power. We're not sure how that part works.

Item → Storage Box Xtreme - Level 1
Item → The scientific brains at GrowTech have created this ridiculously useful box to help you store large amounts of items! Unfortunately, those pesky untradeable items can't be placed here - those GrowTech geniuses were too busy celebrating after they made the first version! Note: Only World Lock owners can use this item.

Item → Storage Box Xtreme - Level 2
Item → The scientific brains at GrowTech have created this ridiculously useful box to help you store huge amounts of items! Unfortunately, those pesky untradeable items can't be placed here - those GrowTech geniuses were too busy celebrating after they made the first version! Note: Only World Lock owners can use this item.

Item → Storage Box Xtreme - Level 3
Item → The scientific brains at GrowTech have created this ridiculously useful box to help you store massive amounts of items! Unfortunately, those pesky untradeable items can't be placed here - those GrowTech geniuses were too busy celebrating after they made the first version! Note: Only World Lock owners can use this item.

Item → Dumb Checkmark
Item → Not used, it's just a dumb checkmark.

Item → Raptor Legs
Item → Everybody do the dinosaur! Pop on these prehistoric legs and leap into the fray with all the speed of an angry raptor! Just be careful, or you might go out the same way - with a fiery meteor!

Item → Mirage Platform
Item → Get an eyeful of anything that passes over this vision-shifting tile! Its enhanced optics will twist and warp any Growtopian who gets close!

Item → Smoog the Great Dragon
Item → Ancient flames and armored scales await your command! Smoog is a proud and fearsome beast, but he's decided to allow you - yes, YOU - to have the honor of being his rider! Who needs horses or cars when you can sit astride a mighty DRAGON?

Item → Dancemaster's Crown
Item → Let's boogie! Nobody can resist the awesome beat of the DANCEMASTER - and when you wear this gleaming helm, that's you! Use its funky power to get everybody's groove on and start a dance party at the drop of a hat! This hat, specifically.

Item → Summer Blaster Glasses
Item → Rock the season with the new Summer Blaster style! These glasses don't just say you're cool - they also say you're hot! Try to find another kind of eyewear that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Summer Blaster Glasses
Item → Rock the season in ULTRA Summer Blaster style! These glasses don't just say you're ULTRA COOL - they also say you're ULTRA HOT! Try to find another kind of eyewear that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Bubble Machine
Item → Bubble up! This machine will fill the air with bright and beautiful bubbles - perfect for a summer pool party, a sweet midnight rave, or a really classy pizza night.

Item → Beach Ball
Item → Inflated with extra summer fun! Bounce this onto the beach and relax in the sun and sand!

Item → Watermelon Slice
Item → Juicy and sweet, but definitely NOT seedless! Take a bite and get ready to blast the world with weaponized watermelon!

Item → Phoenix Sword
Item → Swirling flame and eternal glory are yours, for you possess the blade of emperors: The Phoenix Sword! Astonishingly rare, incredibly powerful, and explosively sharp, this weapon will proclaim its wielder as a force to be reckoned with! Wield it well, for you are worthy. There are only 500 of them in existence, in all of Growtopia!

Item → Crushed Ice
Item → Tasty! A summertime treat with a sweet kick and an icy crunch. Just don't eat it too fast!

Item → Deep-Fried Tropical Ice Cream
Item → Now you're thinking with fryers! The only thing better than an icy cool treat is an icy cool treat wrapped in fried batter!

Item → Firefin Leash
Item → This blazing fish is out of the water and at your side, happy to light your way with glowing gills and searing scales!

Item → Flaming Floaties
Item → Not a strong swimmer? Toss these fire-themed floaties on and keep your arms dry! At least they'll be okay! Not sure about the rest of you, though...

Item → Growmoji Fireworks
Item → Pop a burst of fireworks into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!!

Item → Deck Chair
Item → Drop down and relax in the summertime with this playful deck chair! Now all you need is a deck!

Item → Flying Disc
Item → Whirls through the air with a simple toss. I bet you could play a really fun version of golf with this!

Item → Crab Wall Mount
Item → Proud of your catch, but you don't want the responsibility of caring for it? Mount it to this wall plaque with your wrench! You can only display Perfect or Massive crabs and lobsters on this mount. Once a crab or lobster is mounted, it can never be removed.

Item → Embers
Item → Crackling sparks of a greater flame. What could these create?

Item → Flaming Feathers
Item → Capable of cutting through wind and rain like a hot knife through butter. Imagine what you could make with these if you got enough together...

Item → Danieldd's Chimera Wings
Item → Forged from bladed feathers of flame and fury, these wings will let you tear through the skies with the might of the chimera! Sponsored by Danieldd!

Item → Growpedia
Item → A helpful tool to guide you on your way! Use this to see your quests - oh, and welcome to Growtopia!

Item → Mighty Tiger
Item → The terror of dark jungles and rustling fields has been tamed! This awesome beast comes to you from distant lands, willing to lend its primal might - and incredible stride - to your efforts! Rise up to the challenge of your rivals with your new feline friend!

Item → Startopian Empire - Uniform Pants
Item → Are you ready to travel the stars? To explore strange new worlds and fight for the glory of Startopia? Then you'll need to look the part! These pants are vacuum-pressed and ready for space - get the rest of your uniform together and enlist today!

Item → Startopian Empire - Uniform Mini-Skirt
Item → Are you ready to travel the stars? To explore strange new worlds and fight for the glory of Startopia? Then you'll need to look the part! This mini-skirt is expertly tailored and ready for space - get the rest of your uniform together and enlist today!

Item → Startopian Empire - Command Class Uniform
Item → Show everyone you're a ranked officer of Startopia! Those who bear the Command Class uniform have excellent leadership and political abilities. Wearing this also provides a slight boost to your ship rating for all Reputation-based skill checks!

Item → Startopian Empire - Engineer Class Uniform
Item → Show everyone you're a ranked officer of Startopia! Those who bear the Engineer Class uniform have excellent maintenance and systems abilities. Wearing this also provides a slight boost to your ship rating for all Ship Health-based skill checks!

Item → Startopian Empire - Medic Class Uniform
Item → Show everyone you're a ranked officer of Startopia! Those who bear the Medic Class uniform have excellent personnel and healing abilities. Wearing this also provides a slight boost to your ship rating for all Crew-based skill checks!

Item → Startopian Empire - Phase Blaster
Item → Cut down vile Xenoid raiders, defend yourself against Greezak hunters, and make pirates shake in their stolen boots with a blast of hot plasma from a Startopian blaster! For the Empire! Made on Proxima Centauri II. All space rights reserved.

Item → Startopian Empire - Combat Troop Mk.II Helmet
Item → This helm will keep your noggin safe from all kinds of extraterrestrial threats, like the brain-sucking mosquitorrasques of Vreebin VII! Show everyone you're a loyal soldier of Startopia with the official Mk.II Combat Troop outfit!

Item → Startopian Empire - Combat Troop Mk.II Body Armor
Item → This body armor will keep your torso safe from all kinds of extraterrestrial threats, like the heart-stealing shadowfiends of Xarhoom IX! Show everyone you're a loyal soldier of Startopia with the official Mk.II Combat Troop outfit!

Item → Startopian Empire - Combat Troop Mk.II Leg Armor
Item → These plated pants will keep your legs safe from all kinds of extraterrestrial threats, like the bone-melting lava worms of Multak VIII! Show everyone you're a loyal soldier of Startopia with the official Mk.II Combat Troop outfit!

Item → Startopian Empire - Combat Rifle
Item → This combat rifle will mow down alien hordes and toast a mean marshmallow, but only when fired in the name of the Emperor! All hail Startopia! Made on Gliese III. Firing upon giraffes will void warranty.

Item → Greezak Horde - Warrior Helmet
Item → The fearsome warriors of the Greezak Horde welcome you to the hunt! This helmet is styled in the traditional manner of the Greezak, with plenty of breathing room and a pocket for snacks.

Item → Greezak Horde - Warrior Armor
Item → The fearsome warriors of the Greezak Horde welcome you to the hunt! This armor has been retailored to fit your Growtopian body, as the Greezak have a few extra limbs. All the better to catch their prey, you see.

Item → Greezak Horde - Warrior Leg Armor
Item → The fearsome warriors of the Greezak Horde welcome you to the hunt! These leg plates are aerodynamic and whisper-quiet, perfect for a hunting party (or a late-night snack run).

Item → Greezak Horde - Skull Necklace
Item → The fearsome warriors of the Greezak Horde welcome you to the hunt! This necklace of trophies was taken from a veteran Greezak, and chronicles the results of his many successful (and delicious) hunts.

Item → Greezak Horde - Shoulder Cannon
Item → Lock onto your prey and fire! This incredibly deadly shoulder cannon is designed to leave a Greezak warrior's hands free so he can fight and fire at the same time! The plasma bolts it shoots are low-energy, so they don't ruin animal pelts.

Item → LordStar Environment Mask
Item → The mask of a daring outlaw king! Raid ancient alien treasures and splash your name across the cosmos from behind this fantastic mask! All will (probably) remember you!

Item → Space Thruster Boost Boots
Item → Zip through space and hover like a champ with these high-tech boost boots! Thanks to a HyperTech dynamo core, these can keep you off the ground forever, meaning you'll never have dirty shoes again! Now THAT'S progress!

Item → Alien Mind Protector
Item → Alien in your brain! Alien in your brain! Thankfully, this is one of the few times that's actually a good thing, because you're fortunate enough to have a Mind Protector along for the ride! This clever controller will keep your gray matter safe from those who might try to mess with your thoughts!

Item → MagTron LightCycle
Item → Flaring with HyperTech superluminal banding and an everlasting reactor, this bike is unstoppably cool AND eco-friendly. It'll never run out of juice, and as long as you're riding it, you'll never be out of style.

Item → Ferungi Ears
Item → A race of a galactic merchants and business dealers, the Ferungi love to chat. That's why their ears are so huge - they never want to miss a conversation (or a potential trade secret)!

Item → Volcanix Ears
Item → Very pointy! And the pointier the ears, the wiser the Volcanix, as they say. The founding race of the Stellarix Union, the Volcanix are a deeply pragmatic and calculating people with long lifespans. These factors have led them to become distant, even detached from galactic affairs, which is why it's up to the Startopian Empire to keep the peace!

Item → Startopian Empire - Force Shield & Phase Blaster
Item → The most advanced personal combat gear ever designed for Startopian Special Forces, this blaster/shield combination uses re-engineered HyperTech repulsors to deflect attacks and keep their wielder safe even as they unleash blazing lances of plasma on their foes! When activated, grants immunity to thrown consumables for 5 seconds (starts as soon as you get hit), followed by a 30-minute cooldown.

Item → Robot Legs
Item → Tired of using your boring human legs like a sucker? Well, fear not, because the advanced surgical teams of the Stellarix Union have crafted these incredible robot legs to take you to and fro without having to waste a single calorie! Powered by Stellithium X9 battery nodes and guaranteed to work for 2 billion steps or your buckazoids back, these legs will keep on walking long after you drop!

Item → Starship Floor Tile
Item → Welded durallium tiles to keep up with all manner of interstellar wear and tear. If you're going to be flying through a vacuum in a fragile metal box, you'd better have something solid underfoot.

Item → Starship Wall
Item → Keep out the horrors of space with these welded durallium walls. A must-have for the discerning starship captain.

Item → Starship Door
Item → When you have to enter a room on a spaceship, do you want it to be through lame door with HINGES, or whisper-smooth sliding metal panels? The choice is clear.

Item → Starship Transporter
Item → A new Checkpoint for a new future! Take a walk by this device to save your bio-signatures in its transporter buffer! If you die, you'll respawn at the last Checkpoint you touched!

Item → Starship Console Panel
Item → Make a few important adjustments to your starship systems with this easy-access console.

Item → Starship Porthole
Item → Enjoy staring into the endless void of space but don't want to go for a spacewalk to see it? Pop a porthole into your starship and enjoy the view instead!

Item → Starship Airlock
Item → A deadly dangerous vacuum lurks beyond the metal safety of your starship - so let's add a way to get to it quickly! This airlock is a one-way ticket into the void, so if it's open while you're nearby, watch your step!

Item → Starship Deck Ladders
Item → A quick and easy way to get to higher places on your starship! Note that these ladders are based off of the ancient GrowTech ladder technology, so you can still only go up, not down. But now you can do it in SPACE!

Item → Looming Triffid
Item → The Triffid is the second-deadliest creature on Parblaax XII, capable of devouring a Greezak warrior whole in mere seconds! Don't step beneath it, or you'll find out first-hand just how quick they are!

Item → Xenoid Acid Pool
Item → A seething pit of Xenoid poison, this caustic block will set anything that touches it ablaze, and is exactly the sort of thing that keeps the Xenoid from being invited to the nicer parties.

Item → Greezak Hive Floor
Item → Few Startopians have seen the inside of a Greezak Hive and lived, so whoever got you this floor block was either very brave or very lucky!

Item → Greezak Hive Wall
Item → Few Startopians have seen the inside of a Greezak Hive and lived, so whoever got you this wall block was either very brave or very lucky!

Item → The Varlaak
Item → A toothy maw of ever-hungering destruction, the Varlaak is only too happy to eat anything that comes close. Terribly dangerous, but also an easy way to dispose of kitchen scraps and unwanted guests!

Item → Replicator
Item → HyperTech engineering at its finest, the Replicator uses chronoburners to help you prepare your food, granting a small chance to get a temporal COPY of whatever you create! That's two dishes for the price of one! Wow! Thanks, HyperTech!

Item → Star Tool Droid
Item → A tireless forgebot, this droid works constantly, hoping to produce a useful Star Tool for its owner. Creating these advanced pieces of technology takes time, however, so you shouldn't expect a new tool any sooner than once every five days.

Item → Star Fuel
Item → While every starship uses Growtomic Energy to power its systems and engines, revving up its Emergency Warp requires something with a bit more kick! That's where Star Fuel comes in: Every time you escape a dangerous situation (or fail a mission), you'll use up Star Fuel to do it! Always make sure you have enough!

Item → Buckazoid
Item → The currency of the stars! This buckazoid is your reward for successfully completing a mission for the Startopian Empire. You can exchange buckazoids for rare interstellar prizes by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785! Double-tap this in your inventory to combine 100 of them into a Mega Buckazoid!

Item → Imperial Starship Blast
Item → Command your very own Starship and explore the cosmos! This blast contains one of 3 possible Imperial ship types - which will you get? Note: Each Starship comes with a full tank of gas, an Imperial Helm - Mk. I, Imperial Reactor - Mk. I and an Imperial Viewscreen - Mk. I, so you'll be all set for your adventure among the stars! Extra Note: A Starship also comes with an assortment of space-age blocks!

Item → Stellarix Starship Blast
Item → Command your very own Starship and explore the cosmos! This blast contains one of 3 possible Stellarix Union ship types - which will you get? Note: Each Starship comes with a full tank of gas, an Imperial Helm - Mk. I, Imperial Reactor - Mk. I and an Imperial Viewscreen - Mk. I, so you'll be all set for your adventure among the stars! Extra Note: A Starship also comes with an assortment of space-age blocks!

Item → Greezak Starship Blast
Item → Command your very own Starship and explore the cosmos! This blast contains one of 3 possible Greezak Horde ship types - which will you get? Note: Each Starship comes with a full tank of gas, an Imperial Helm - Mk. I, Imperial Reactor - Mk. I and an Imperial Viewscreen - Mk. I, so you'll be all set for your adventure among the stars! Extra Note: A Starship also comes with an assortment of space-age blocks!

Item → Starship Sickbay Bed
Item → With the help of advanced medicines, space-age surgical gear, and extra-soft pillows, the starship sickbay is the perfect place to perform surgery! Cure your patients here for a chance at some interesting new items, too...

Item → Imperial Starship Helm - Mk.I
Item → Navigate to distant suns in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 30. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Imperial Starship Helm - Mk.II
Item → Navigate to distant suns in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Imperial Starship Helm - Mk.III
Item → Navigate to distant suns in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 280. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Imperial Starship Reactor - Mk.I
Item → Empower your ship in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 30. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Imperial Starship Reactor - Mk.II
Item → Empower your ship in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Imperial Starship Reactor - Mk.III
Item → Empower your ship in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 280. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Imperial Starship Viewscreen - Mk.I
Item → Negotiate with alien kings and space outposts in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 30. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Imperial Starship Viewscreen - Mk.II
Item → Negotiate with alien kings and space outposts in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Imperial Starship Viewscreen - Mk.III
Item → Negotiate with alien kings and space outposts in the name of the Emperor with the Imperial viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 280. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Helm - Mk.I
Item → Set course for knowledge and understanding of the cosmos with the Stellarix Union helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 720. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Helm - Mk.II
Item → Set course for knowledge and understanding of the cosmos with the Stellarix Union helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 900. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Helm - Mk.III
Item → Set course for knowledge and understanding of the cosmos with the Stellarix Union helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 1080. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Reactor - Mk.I
Item → Give your ship a technologically-boosted power source with the Stellarix Union reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 720. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Reactor - Mk.II
Item → Give your ship a technologically-boosted power source with the Stellarix Union reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 900. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Reactor - Mk.III
Item → Give your ship a technologically-boosted power source with the Stellarix Union reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 1080. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Viewscreen - Mk.I
Item → Engage in calculating diplomacy and intergalactic discussions with the Stellarix Union viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 720. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Viewscreen - Mk.II
Item → Engage in calculating diplomacy and intergalactic discussions with the Stellarix Union viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 900. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Stellarix Union Starship Viewscreen - Mk.III
Item → Engage in calculating diplomacy and intergalactic discussions with the Stellarix Union viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 1080. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Helm - Mk.I
Item → Hunt down your prey with speed and savagery from behind the Greezak Horde helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 2000. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Helm - Mk.II
Item → Hunt down your prey with speed and savagery from behind the Greezak Horde helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 2310. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Helm - Mk.III
Item → Hunt down your prey with speed and savagery from behind the Greezak Horde helm! Provides a Ship Rating of 2640. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Reactor - Mk.I
Item → Make sure your ship can survive the rigors of a lengthy hunt with the Greezak Horde reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 2000. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Reactor - Mk.II
Item → Make sure your ship can survive the rigors of a lengthy hunt with the Greezak Horde reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 2310. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Reactor - Mk.III
Item → Make sure your ship can survive the rigors of a lengthy hunt with the Greezak Horde reactor! Provides a Ship Rating of 2640. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Viewscreen - Mk.I
Item → Listen to your prey cower as you chase them across the stars with the Greezak Horde viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 2000. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Viewscreen - Mk.II
Item → Listen to your prey cower as you chase them across the stars with the Greezak Horde viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 2310. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Greezak Horde Starship Viewscreen - Mk.III
Item → Listen to your prey cower as you chase them across the stars with the Greezak Horde viewscreen! Provides a Ship Rating of 2640. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → HyperTech Starship Helm - Mk.I
Item → Blast off into the great unknown at ludicrous speeds with the HyperTech helm as your navigator! Provides a Ship Rating of 4200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → HyperTech Starship Helm - Mk.II
Item → Blast off into the great unknown at ludicrous speeds with the HyperTech helm as your navigator! Provides a Ship Rating of 4690. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → HyperTech Starship Helm - Mk.III
Item → Blast off into the great unknown at ludicrous speeds with the HyperTech helm as your navigator! Provides a Ship Rating of 5200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to start a Star Mission (but make sure you have enough Star Tools)!

Item → HyperTech Starship Reactor - Mk.I
Item → Enjoy power for generations of exploration and adventure with the HyperTech reactor at your back! Provides a Ship Rating of 4200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → HyperTech Starship Reactor - Mk.II
Item → Enjoy power for generations of exploration and adventure with the HyperTech reactor at your back! Provides a Ship Rating of 4690. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → HyperTech Starship Reactor - Mk.III
Item → Enjoy power for generations of exploration and adventure with the HyperTech reactor at your back! Provides a Ship Rating of 5200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to add Star Fuel to your ship!

Item → HyperTech Starship Viewscreen - Mk.I
Item → Experience the cosmos in crystal clarity with the HyperTech viewscreen as your window to the galaxy! Provides a Ship Rating of 4200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → HyperTech Starship Viewscreen - Mk.II
Item → Experience the cosmos in crystal clarity with the HyperTech viewscreen as your window to the galaxy! Provides a Ship Rating of 4690. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → HyperTech Starship Viewscreen - Mk.III
Item → Experience the cosmos in crystal clarity with the HyperTech viewscreen as your window to the galaxy! Provides a Ship Rating of 5200. One of three components - Helm, Viewscreen, and Reactor - needed to fly a starship. Wrench this to view your Star Stats!

Item → Bastion Tactical Console - Mk.I
Item → Track the stars down to their atoms with a Bastion Tactical Console onboard! Provides a solid boost to your Ship Rating for all Ship-related challenges!

Item → Bastion Tactical Console - Mk.II
Item → Track the stars down to their atoms with a Bastion Tactical Console onboard! Provides a great boost to your Ship Rating for all Ship-related challenges!

Item → Bastion Tactical Console - Mk.III
Item → Track your foes to their atoms with a Bastion Tactical Console onboard! Provides a fantastic boost to your Ship Rating for all Ship-related challenges!

Item → Oracle Science Station - Mk.I
Item → Get exacting analysis on every strange new world, alien, and adventure you encounter with an Oracle Science Station on your ship! Provides a solid boost to your Ship Rating for all Reputation-related challenges!

Item → Oracle Science Station - Mk.II
Item → Get exacting analysis on every strange new world, alien, and adventure you encounter with an Oracle Science Station on your ship! Provides a great boost to your Ship Rating for all Reputation-related challenges!

Item → Oracle Science Station - Mk.III
Item → Get exacting analysis on every strange new world, alien, and adventure you encounter with an Oracle Science Station on your ship! Provides a fantastic boost to your Ship Rating for all Reputation-related challenges!

Item → Vitahope Life Support System - Mk.I
Item → Keep yourself and your crew the picture of health with the salubrious strength of the Vitahope Life Support System! Provides a solid boost to your Ship Rating for all Crew-related challenges!

Item → Vitahope Life Support System - Mk.II
Item → Keep yourself and your crew the picture of health with the salubrious strength of the Vitahope Life Support System! Provides a great boost to your Ship Rating for all Crew-related challenges!

Item → Vitahope Life Support System - Mk.III
Item → Keep yourself and your crew the picture of health with the salubrious strength of the Vitahope Life Support System! Provides a fantastic boost to your Ship Rating for all Crew-related challenges!

Item → HyperShields
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to enhance your defenses in a moment of crisis!

Item → AI Brain
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to protect your computer systems and engage in technical espionage!

Item → Galactibolt
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to heal your Ship Health and repair damage in a snap!

Item → Space Meds
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to heal your Crew Health and resolve medical emergencies!

Item → Teleporter Charge
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to beam yourself and your crew on and off your ship!

Item → Gigablaster
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to cut down alien threats to your crew!

Item → Quadriscanner
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to help your crew get information and location data about their surroundings!

Item → Tactical Drone
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to get tactical telemetry and scanning data about the space around your ship!

Item → Stellar Documents
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to deal with delicate diplomatic situations and cut through bureaucratic red tape!

Item → Star Supplies
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to heal your Reputation and give aid to the needy!

Item → Cyborg Diplomat
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to interface with alien lifeforms and engage in tactful interstellar diplomacy!

Item → Growton Torpedo
Item → A Star Tool used only in Startopia Missions! Use this to blast enemy ships, interstellar beasts, and other threats to your ship!

Item → Starship Floor Grill
Item → A slotted grill for a starship floor - perfect for cleaning up gross alien pirates after you unleash a gigablaster on them!

Item → Starship Light Wall
Item → Glowing with high-tech power! These walls are a must-have for the discerning starship captain - nobody wants to walk around on a dull ship, after all!

Item → Data Starship Hull
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Main Door
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Bottom
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Top
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Side
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Bottom Outer Corner
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Top Outer Corner
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Bottom Inner Corner
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - INT Top Inner Corner
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Top Corner (R)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Bottom Corner (R)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Thrusters
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Thruster
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Thruster
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Wall
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Wall
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (L)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Vent
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Detail
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (R)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Inner Corner (R)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Cockpit
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Roof Corner (L)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Top Corner (R) (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Bottom Corner (R) (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Thrusters (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Thruster (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Thruster (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Wall (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Wall (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (L) (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Vent (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Detail (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (R) (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Inner Corner (R) (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Cockpit (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Roof Corner (L) (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Top Corner (R) (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Bottom Corner (R) (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Thrusters (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Thruster (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Thruster (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Wall (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Wall (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (L) (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Vent (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Detail (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (R) (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Inner Corner (R) (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Cockpit (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Roof Corner (L) (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → HyperTech Starship Blast
Item → Command your very own Starship and explore the cosmos! This blast contains a HyperTech ship, the finest craft in the galaxy! Comes with a full tank of gas, an Imperial Helm - Mk. I, Imperial Reactor - Mk. I and an Imperial Viewscreen - Mk. I, so you'll be all set for your adventure among the stars! Also comes with an assortment of space-age blocks!

Item → Field Grass
Item → Gleaming green and trimmed to regulation height, this grass is ready to host a ferocious match-up!

Item → World Cup Cleats
Item → Tap the ball into the goal and bask in the adoration of your fans with these eye-catching cleats!

Item → Growmoji Football
Item → Pop a football into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Ref's Jersey
Item → Foul! Make the call with this jersey - you have to be right, because you're striped!

Item → World Cup Winner's Jersey 2018
Item → To make this jersey, we had to steal a sports almanac from the distant future and used it to find the winners of this year's World Cup! Allez Les Bleus!

Item → Super Utility Helmet - Red
Item → Start seeing red with this superheroic helm!

Item → Super Utility Shirt - Red
Item → Stop crime and look great! It's a super shirt for a super Growtopian!

Item → Super Utility Tights - Red
Item → Toss on these tights for a beautiful - yet breathable - superhero style!

Item → Super Utility Belt
Item → Keep all your superheroing gadgets close at hand and well-organized with this helpful utility belt! Oh, and keep your pants up, too. That's important for fighting crime.

Item → Super Utility Boots - Red
Item → Give evil the boot with our newest line of fighting footwear! Now in rebellious red!

Item → Super Utility Helmet - Yellow
Item → Hide your identity with this yellow helmet - but not your might!

Item → Super Utility Shirt - Yellow
Item → It may be yellow, but you certainly aren't - show the world you care about looking great while fighting crime!

Item → Super Utility Tights - Yellow
Item → Your legs will look wonderful - and yellow - with these sparkling new tights!

Item → Super Utility Wings
Item → All-purpose utility wings to carry you onto the heads of your villainous foes from on high!

Item → Super Utility Boots - Yellow
Item → Give evil the boot with our newest line of fighting footwear! Now in youthful yellow!

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Top Corner (R) (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Roof Bottom Corner (R) (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Thrusters (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Thruster (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Thruster (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Wall (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Wall (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (L) (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Vent (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Detail (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Corner (R) (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Bottom Wall Inner Corner (R) (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Cockpit (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Top Roof Corner (L) (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Star Tool Background
Item → ADD ME!

Item → Mega Buckazoid
Item → Now you're talking! This is worth 100 buckazoids! Double-tap this in your inventory to break it back down into 100 buckazoids. You can exchange buckazoids for rare interstellar rewards by calling Sales-Man on your Telephone at 53785!

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Metal Panel
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Metal Panel (GREEN)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Metal Panel (PURPLE)
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - EXT Metal Panel (RED)
Item → No info.

Item → Growmoji Alien
Item → Pop an awesome alien into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Space
Item → No info.

Item → HyperTech Antigravity Field
Item → Gravity got you down? Well, thanks to this salvaged HyperTech artifact, you can kick it to the curb and float in freedom! As long as you stay inside the antigrav field, you and the ground will be nothing more than distant acquaintances!

Item → Summer Blaster Mohawk
Item → Rock the season with the new Summer Blaster style! This mohawk doesn't just say you're cool - it also says you're hot! Try to find another kind of hairstyle that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Summer Blaster Mohawk
Item → Rock the season in ULTRA Summer Blaster Style! This mohawk don't just say you're ULTRA COOL - it also says you're ULTRA HOT! Try to find another kind of hairstyle that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, i'll wait...

Item → Squirrel King
Item → All shall kneel before the nuttiest ruler of all: YOU! Wield the twitchy might of the squirrel empire with this wondrous tail. Acorns are your ammunition, the trees are your home, and the world is your kingdom. Go forth and chitter with pride!

Item → Scepter of the Honor Guard
Item → Guards! Guards! Assemble the troops with a wave of this lordly scepter! Your foes will run in terror before you and your gang of guardians!

Item → Cloak of Hoveration
Item → Say hello to the friendliest threads around! This cape will take you to and fro with style, and happily yank you high into the air whenever you desire! It's like a very loyal blanket, but with a touch of magic to make your day extra lofty!

Item → Red Contact Lens
Item → Give your eyes an overhaul and get the red in with these pupil-painting lenses! You may need multiple lenses - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect.

Item → Green Contact Lens
Item → Give your eyes an overhaul and go for the green by popping in these pupil-painting lenses! You may need multiple lenses - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect.

Item → Blue Contact Lens
Item → Give your eyes an overhaul in a beautifully blue way with these handy pupil-painting lenses! You may need multiple lenses - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect.

Item → Black Contact Lens
Item → Wrap your pupils in ebon darkness with these bleakly black lenses. When your friends stare into your eyes, the void will stare back! You may need multiple lenses - and other colors - to achieve a desired effect.

Item → Contact Lens Cleaning Solution
Item → Tired of your current pupil color? Give them a wash with this hygienic cleaning solution! Note: You might need more than one application to finish the job!

Item → Rara Skirt
Item → You'll be a "rara" beauty when you don this skirt! Who can resist those colors?

Item → Gravity Well
Item → When GrowTech accidentally spawned a swarm of miniature black holes, shareholders were worried the damage to spacetime might hurt business. Fortunately, their engineers were able to harness the power of the singularity to create these irresistible blocks! Punch to turn it on and feel the pull of the void!

Item → Little Red Hoodie
Item → My, what fine fashion you have! This hoodie will keep you warm and, more importantly, looking great in all kinds of weather!

Item → Big Bad Blue Hoodie
Item → Time to huff, puff, and blue your hood down! This hoodie will keep you warm and, more importantly, looking great in all kinds of weather!

Item → Punk Purple Hoodie
Item → Break out of the routine and set your own style (as long as it's purple)! This hoodie will keep you warm and, more importantly, looking great in all kinds of weather!

Item → Dabstep Low Top Sneakers
Item → Light up every footfall and move to a better beat with these dabulous shoes! When you're wearing these, the world is your dance floor!

Item → Horns of Infinity
Item → Ripped from the endless gulf between the stars, these twisted horns still carry a touch of hyperspace! They'll accelerate you into the great beyond, but just remember - when you stare into the void... the void stares back!

Item → Rhinestone Evening Dress
Item → All eyes will be on you when you stride into the ballroom in this vintage dress! It sparkles and shines like a constellation, setting you among the stars!

Item → Plaid Skirt
Item → Perfectly plaid for the budding lady lumberjack in you!

Item → Peplum Top
Item → A cute color for an even cuter Growtopian!

Item → Stripy Jumpsuit
Item → They say stripes are slimming, but nobody ever mentioned how good they look on you!

Item → French Maid's Dress
Item → Ooh la la! Grab your feather duster and put on your best French accent, because this dress is made to impress! Oui, mademoiselle!

Item → Twintail Hair
Item → When one tail o' hair just won't do, try doubling up with these twins! Your locks never looked so good!

Item → Braided Hair
Item → As bright, fresh, and braided as a fine pastry, this hair doesn't just look stylish - it also looks DELICIOUS.

Item → Growmoji Face Mask
Item → When you're tired of using all those crazy facial muscles, this mask is here to help! Hide your tired human face with this reliable, totally-not-creepy one instead!

Item → Pet Rock
Item → Brought to you by popular demand, meet the most playful, incredibly popular, and astonishingly amazing friend for all Growtopians... A ROCK! All sales final.

Item → Mega Growtoken
Item → Now you're talking! This is worth 100 growtokens! Double-tap this in your inventory to break it back down into 100 growtokens. Spend them in the store on special items! Try dialing 12345 or 53785 on your Telephone for details!

Item → Bubble Gun
Item → Pop! Pop! Bring a boatload of bubbles to any occasion with this poppin' fresh firearm!

Item → Oink-Oink Nose
Item → Got a nose for food? Or is it truffles? Either way, for those who need to show the world their piggy powers, this nose knows best!

Item → Sheet Music: Violin Note
Item → Maestro! This sheet will play a violin note for you, as along as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Violin
Item → This sheet will play a violin note for you - a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Violin Note - as along as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Violin
Item → This sheet will play a violin note for you - a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Violin Note - as along as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Bubblicious Hair
Item → Dying for that fresh-out-of-the-bubble-bath look? Well, die no more! Top your melon with these bodacious bubbles and LIVE! Whoever snagged this hairdo had to be quick so the bubbles wouldn't pop and super-chilly so they'd stay in place, all to bring it to you!

Item → Fire Punk Hair
Item → Are you fed up with the status quo? Want to burn the system and start anew? Then start with your hair! This sizzling style will show you're not just a thorn in the system - you're making anarchy look GOOD. Whoever snagged this hairdo had to be quick so the flames wouldn't go out and super-hot so they'd stay bright, all to bring it to you!

Item → Nightwings
Item → Wrap yourself in harrowing darkness and take to the skies! These wings are spun from midnight shadows, harvested from those with a touch of the starry void in their souls - dare you wear them?

Item → Crystal Shard Necklace
Item → Shimmering crystals and gems to adorn only the fanciest of necks! Strangely magnetic, these crystals must amplify the personal pull of those who wear them! Careful, though - these shards are sharp!

Item → Growmoji Party
Item → Don't be a party pooper - pop a party vibe into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Pizza
Item → Slide a pizza slice into your chat! Mmm, just like mom used to make! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Trowel
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Trowel
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Trowel
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Cultivator
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected splices, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Cultivator
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected splices! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Cultivator
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected splices!

Item → Amber Resin
Item → Polished by eons, this ancient tree sap has hardened into a beautiful jewel! I wonder what you could do with it...

Item → Dreamcatcher Staff
Item → Empowered by bountiful spirits from the Other Side, this delicate dreamcatcher will grant its wielder clear skies... and 2% chance of getting extra blocks from harvesting trees!

Item → Raven Wings
Item → CAW! Feathers dropped by a dark valkyrie have been collected and reforged to make these gorgeous wings. Richly dark with velvet tips, they'll cut through the skies and tickle your hands!

Item → Amber Necklace
Item → The ancient magic of this necklace calls back to the creatures of a long-lost age, bringing them closer to your world! Gives you a 5% chance of getting double fossils when smashing Fossil Rocks!

Item → Ring of Nature
Item → The call of the wild... in the palm of your hand! Wear this ring and enjoy a special bond with all things that grow! Reduces the grow time of seeds by 2% when planting or splicing!

Item → Luminous Eyes
Item → My, what crazy eyes you have! Besides looking amazing, these pristine peepers give you a bonus 2.5% chance of finding crystals using a Geiger Counter!

Item → Tutorial Exit Door
Item → These magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination.

Item → Tutorial Regen Block
Item → This block is used in the tutorial AND it regenerates - just wait and see!

Item → Weather Machine - Digital Rain
Item → Take the grow pill, and we'll show you how deep the rabbit hole goes! Splash the scrolling code of creation across the skies of your worlds. They say you learn to understand it after a while... Note: You can only have one of these per world.

Item → 3-Day Free Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for three full days of special treatment! You'll get a chance of doubling any XP earned, 10 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), and 100 gems every day!

Item → 14-Day Free Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for fourteen full days of special treatment! You'll get a chance of doubling any XP earned, 10 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), and 100 gems every day!

Item → 30-Day Premium Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for thirty full days of special treatment! You'll get 70 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), and 4000 gems every day and a chance of doubling any XP earned, growtime reduction on all seeds planted and Exclusive Skins!

Item → 365-Day Premium Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for a full YEAR of special treatment! You'll get 70 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), 8000 gems and 1 World Lock every day and a chance of doubling any XP earned, growtime reduction on all seeds planted and Exclusive Skins!

Item → Tutorial Regen BG
Item → This block is used in the tutorial AND spawns a block - just wait and see!

Item → Raw Gauntlet of Elements
Item → This incredibly strong gauntlet was designed for a single purpose: To hold the six Elemental Stones. While each stone is very powerful individually, combining their might in this gauntlet will grant the wearer the ability to manipulate the very building blocks of reality! Be warned, however, for adding a stone to this gauntlet requires the sacrifice of a soul in similar form. Doing so will bind the Elemental Stone to the guantlet and focus its power!

Item → Gauntlet of Elements - Tier I
Item → This incredibly strong gauntlet was designed for a single purpose: To hold the six Elemental Stones. It currently holds the Earth Stone and can move any block with Earth Chi. This is only the beginning, though - there are more stones to be found! Be warned, however, for adding a stone to this gauntlet requires the sacrifice of a soul in similar form. Doing so will bind the Elemental Stone to the guantlet and focus its power!

Item → Gauntlet of Elements - Tier II
Item → This incredibly strong gauntlet was designed for a single purpose: To hold the six Elemental Stones. It currently holds the Earth and Wind Stones and can move any block with Earth or Wind Chi. This is only the beginning, though - there are more stones to be found! Be warned, however, for adding a stone to this gauntlet requires the sacrifice of a soul in similar form. Doing so will bind the Elemental Stone to the guantlet and focus its power!

Item → Gauntlet of Elements - Tier III
Item → This incredibly strong gauntlet was designed for a single purpose: To hold the six Elemental Stones. It currently holds the Earth, Wind, and Fire Stones and can move any block with Earth, Wind, or Fire Chi. Now we're getting somewhere! More stones await, however, and don't forget: Adding a stone to this gauntlet requires the sacrifice of a soul in similar form. Doing so will bind the Elemental Stone to the guantlet and focus its power!

Item → Gauntlet of Elements - Tier IV
Item → This incredibly strong gauntlet was designed for a single purpose: To hold the six Elemental Stones. It currently holds the Earth, Wind, Fire, and Death Stones and can move any block with Earth, Wind, or Fire Chi. It also now seals its bearer's fate, snatching them away from the mortal plane upon their demise! Now we're getting somewhere! More stones await, however, and don't forget: Adding a stone to this gauntlet requires the sacrifice of a soul in similar form. Doing so will bind the Elemental Stone to the guantlet and focus its power!

Item → Gauntlet of Elements - Tier V
Item → This incredibly strong gauntlet was designed for a single purpose: To hold the six Elemental Stones. It currently holds the Earth, Wind, Fire, Water, and Death Stones and can now move nearly any block! It also now seals its bearer's fate, snatching them away from the mortal plane upon their demise! It's nearly complete now! Only a single stone awaits, and don't forget: Adding a stone to this gauntlet requires the sacrifice of a soul in similar form. Doing so will bind the Elemental Stone to the guantlet and focus its power!

Item → Exquisite Gauntlet of Elements
Item → Behold: The completed Gauntlet of Elements! Empowered by the might of the Earth, Wind, Fire, Water, Life, and Death Stones, it allows its wielder to move nearly any block, seals their fate upon their demise, and with the Life Stone, brings them back through a resurrection rift! A truly awe-inspiring relic, this must have taken tremendous effort to create. Any who possess it are mighty, indeed. All hail!

Item → Life Stone
Item → Raw elemental power surges within this strange stone! Somewhere in its shimmering depths is the power to manipulate Life, but without something to channel and control it, its unfiltered might would destroy you! Better find the proper artifact to hold it...

Item → Wind Stone
Item → Raw elemental power surges within this strange stone! Somewhere in its shimmering depths is the power to command Wind, but without something to channel and control it, its unfiltered might would destroy you! Better find the proper artifact to hold it...

Item → Death Stone
Item → Raw elemental power surges within this strange stone! Somewhere in its shimmering depths is the power to manipulate Death, but without something to channel and control it, its unfiltered might would destroy you! Better find the proper artifact to hold it...

Item → Fire Stone
Item → Raw elemental power surges within this strange stone! Somewhere in its shimmering depths is the power to command Fire, but without something to channel and control it, its unfiltered might would destroy you! Better find the proper artifact to hold it...

Item → Water Stone
Item → Raw elemental power surges within this strange stone! Somewhere in its shimmering depths is the power to command Water, but without something to channel and control it, its unfiltered might would destroy you! Better find the proper artifact to hold it...

Item → Earth Stone
Item → Raw elemental power surges within this strange stone! Somewhere in its shimmering depths is the power to command Earth, but without something to channel and control it, its unfiltered might would destroy you! Better find the proper artifact to hold it...

Item → Sorcerer's Tunic of Mystery
Item → Capable of reflecting the true colors of the world around it, this rare tunic is made of captured starlight and aether. If you think knitting with thread is hard, just try doing it with moonbeams and magic! The result is worth it though, as these clothes won't just make you look amazing - you'll be able to channel their inherent power into blasts of cosmic energy!

Item → Growmoji Clapping Hands
Item → Show your appreciation - pop an applause into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Yellow Hardhat
Item → Show off your builder bona fides and keep your noggin safe with this bright and beautiful hat!

Item → Munchin' Straw
Item → Show off your farmer flair and enjoy a long-lasting snack with this tasty wheat!

Item → EMT Jumpsuit
Item → Show off your surgery skills and dress for the next big emergency with this hypoallergenic coverall!

Item → Fishing Wader Boots
Item → Show off your fishing finesse and keep your toes nice and dry with these water-proof waders!

Item → Star Captain's Hat
Item → Show off your starship strengths and command the respect of your crew with this dashing cap!

Item → Composer's Cookie
Item → Take a bite and enjoy a symphony of flavors! Food Buff: Consuming this cookie will allow you to see musical notes in the world!

Item → Glutton's Gazpacho
Item → A soup for the discerning overeater, one sip and you'll find that everything just tastes better! Food Buff: Eat to increase the duration of food buffs received from other food items by 30%! Note: Will only affect food buffs consumed after consuming the Glutton's Gazpacho!

Item → Growlectables
Item → Fine gourmet treats for only the most delicate and refined palates! Food Buff: Take a bite to gain a 25% chance of getting DOUBLE Growtokens from completing Daily Quests!

Item → Skill Spice
Item → The true spice of life (and starships, for some reason)! Food Buff: Munch on this to halve your chances of getting a skill fail in surgery and/or Startopia missions!

Item → Gemonade
Item → Sparklier than the most pristine sparkling water! Food Buff: This high-value treat will give anyone who consumes it BONUS gems from fish catches (125 gems), surgeries (250 gems), and Startopia missions (500 gems)! Gems for cooking recipes (300 gems) has been temporarily disabled due to bot abuse.

Item → Flashback Flan
Item → Pulsing with temporal goodness, this treat is in a constant state of flantum flux! Use this on an eligible block in your world and marvel as time rewinds and the block returns to your inventory!

Item → Delicate Potion
Item → Don't drop it! This bubbling potion is very fragile! Take a super-careful sip... Food Buff: Increases the points by 10% you gain from ALL delicate anomalizers (when used during an active Season Event)!

Item → Pristine Potion
Item → Ooh! It's almost too perfect to drink! If you can bear to disturb this beautiful potion, drinking it will... Food Buff: Increase the points by 10% you gain from ALL pristine anomalizers (when used during an active Season Event)!

Item → Elegant Potion
Item → Now THIS is a classy drink! Show you're a Growtopian of refinement and grace by taking a sip of this... Food Buff: Increase the points by 10% you gain from ALL elegant anomalizers (when used during an active Season Event)!

Item → Exquisite Potion
Item → The most marvelous of all potions! Aged to perfection, this fizzing drink is only for the highest of the high-class potion specialists. Food Buff: Increase the points by 10% you gain from ALL anomalizers (when used during an active Season Event)!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Hammer
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Scythe
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected trees! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Bone Saw
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected patients! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Elegant Anomarod
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected fish! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Trowel
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected blocks! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Cultivator
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected seeds! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Scanner
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies discovered on Star Missions, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Scanner
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies discovered on Star Missions! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Scanner
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies discovered on Star Missions!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Scanner
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies discovered on Star Missions! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (though with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Gaia's Beacon
Item → The pulse of nature calls to its own! Place this beacon to start summoning seeds! Simply tune this bioform to the seed of your choosing, and it will collect and store any that drop in your world! Only collects seeds from breaking blocks and harvesting!

Item → Unstable Tesseract
Item → A spatial vortex is a dangerous thing, but this one... can be controlled! Place this techno-hazard to start summoning blocks! Simply target this tear to the block of your choosing, and it will collect and store any that drop in your world! Only collects blocks from breaking blocks and harvesting!

Item → Heart of Gaia
Item → Tired of harvesting trees on your own? Perhaps it's time we made nature work for US, for a change! Empower this pulsing Heart with enough Gems, tell it to target any tree of your choosing, and it will harvest them AUTOMAGICALLY!

Item → Tesseract Manipulator
Item → Tired of smashing blocks on your own? Perhaps it's time we meddled in the darker side of science and made our lives easier! Fuel this advanced machinery with enough Gems, tell it to target any block of your choosing, and it will break them AUTOMATICALLY! Note: Blocks broken by this device will not drop gems! It's convenient, but inefficient!

Item → Techno-Organic Engine
Item → What has science DONE?! By fusing the verdant powers of nature and the chaotic energies of the void, you've managed to create a device capable of breaking blocks OR harvesting trees, and then collecting a target drop, all in one go! Just fuel it with enough Gems, set a target, and let 'er rip! Note: Blocks broken by this device will not drop gems! It's convenient, but inefficient!

Item → Beat-root Block
Item → Now here's a thumping good treat that can't be beet! This musical root (or perhaps the root of all music) has a tempo all its own and a taste that's even louder!

Item → Beat-root Puree
Item → The product of many beaten beets, this puree is pulsing with good times (and tastes)!

Item → Carrot Block
Item → Popped fresh from the Earth and loaded with color and a crisp snap, these carrot blocks prove the best way to eat your vegetables is by the square!

Item → Bloccoli Mini-Tree
Item → Tired of being told to eat your broccoli? Well, now it's time to chow down on its blockier cousin! Even if you hate good nutrition, you can't deny how bright and leafy these little trees look!

Item → Strawberry Block
Item → Picked at the height of freshness and practically bursting with fruity power, this ripely red block is great in desserts, buildings, and as a mighty snack!

Item → Riding Bull
Item → YEEHAW! Saddle up this bucking bull and charge its horns for maximum fury! This beastly bovine is none too happy to have a rider, so make sure you take its fury out on your foes, instead!

Item → Saffron Crocus Flower
Item → A rare and beautiful flower, this is one of the rarest and most expensive plants you can find! Lucky indeed it's come into your hands, wouldn't you say?

Item → Bio-Waste
Item → It might not be much of a looker, but this compost is full of nutrients and fertilizer, giving it all kinds of useful applications (definitely not perfume, though - yuck)!

Item → Toffee Block
Item → A sweet treat! These chunks of goodness can be enjoyed on their own, but perhaps it's best to see if you could make something even tastier with them...

Item → Caramel
Item → Sweet and syrupy with just a hint of salt, this home-made caramel is good on everything... if you can keep yourself from eating it all on its own!

Item → Electrical Power Cube
Item → Ouch! You've managed to store a storm of energy in a block... and it's not happy about it! This thing is dangerous to the touch, but perhaps it has other uses... (besides injuring yourself, of course)

Item → Operating Theater Lamp
Item → Nurse! Lights! Turn up the brightness in your operating room with this lamp and get a better look at all the grisly wounds and diseases your fellow Growtopians tend to collect!

Item → Tiled Staircase
Item → Build your way into the skies with the help of these lovely tiled blocks! They're up to code and perfectly angled for even the most precise builder!

Item → Wheelchair Speedster
Item → Tear up the streets with triple-wheeled power! This chair isn't just incredibly comfortable and supportive - it also features GrowTech-powered wheels to propel you wherever you need to go! Take a seat and get ready to roll!

Item → Slip 'n' Slide Slime Floor
Item → Whoa! Clean-up on Aisle Slime! Add a truly slippery spill of slime to any deserving surface with this new floor. We recommend applying it to: Fancy balls, graduation ceremonies, choir recitals, and tap-dance competitions!

Item → Aquamarine Stone
Item → A brilliant jewel of the forgotten depths! See how it shimmers and shifts in the light, like warm sunlight through soft sea foam... Gorgeous!

Item → Primordial Ooze
Item → The building block of life! They say that all living things in Growtopia got their start in a pool of goo like this! Really makes you think... Think about what YOU can make with it, that is!

Item → Primordial Soup
Item → Deliciously developmental! This soup is pure evolution in a can! Fun fact: Turns out the chemical basis for all organic life tastes a lot like tomato bisque. Who knew?

Item → Sea Sponge
Item → A delicate denizen of the depths! This little guy is very content to sit around and do nothing, but it's also happy to help your world look great - just so long as you don't use him to clean your dirty dishes!

Item → Naval Mine
Item → A relic of a long-forgotten war, this mine is still as deadly as the day it was placed! Take care not to swim (or walk or fly or, like, breathe) too close! Otherwise, you might find yourself going out with a very big, very dangerous bang!

Item → Fishing Dinghy
Item → A lovely personal watercraft, just for you! Perfect for a quiet day on the water, listening to waves lap gently against its hull as you wait for a nibble on your fishing line!

Item → Mint
Item → A beautiful plant with a refreshing taste! Gather as much mint as you can to keep your world smelling nice, and even if your visitors have no sense of smell, it'll still look pretty!

Item → Sprig of Mint
Item → Mmm! Adds freshness to any dish and eliminates bad breath! Whether you're tossing together a bright dish or hoping to co-exist happily with other people, you can't go wrong with mint!

Item → Quantum Starfish
Item → Phasing in and out of our reality one limb at a time, this starfish is part cosmos, part ocean, and all mysterious!

Item → Chrono-Luminescent Liquid
Item → Distilled from living interspatial oddities, this liquid is in a constant state of uncertainty, flowing backward and forward in both space and time with every twist of its container!

Item → Space Rock
Item → You might think this is just like any other rock, but it's NOT, because it was found in SPAAAACE! That makes it at least 55% more spacey, which is, of course, better.

Item → Star Tool Nanoforge
Item → Thanks to a breakthrough in our understanding of HyperTech, we've unlocked the secrets of nano-scale industrial processing! Wrench this device to reconfigure your Star Tools, and by "reconfigure", we mean exchange 20 of one Star Tool for 1 of every other Star Tool!

Item → Starship Packing Crate
Item → Need to transport something valuable across the gulf of space? Well, you can't trust someone to just carry it by hand, and you can't pack it in a lame, ground-based crate! Enter: The Starship Packing Crate! Specially made to endure the rigors of the void, this will - hopefully - keep the goods inside it safe, as well.

Item → Encapsulated Galaxy
Item → Billions of stars, even more planets and moons, and who knows how many creatures, all in a single, easy-to-handle container, thanks to GrowTech's Experimental Immorality Division! This miracle of technology wasn't made by shrinking one of OUR galaxies, of course - GrowTech's engineers just took one from a parallel dimension where everything's waaaay smaller.

Item → Cosmic 5-Spice Star
Item → Wow. You, uh, ground up an entire galaxy to make this spice. That's, like, uncountable numbers of living things, not to mention planets, stars, asteroids... all of it gone, turned into- well, okay, a COSMICALLY DELICIOUS spice, but still. That's cold, man.

Item → Energy Capsule
Item → Flickering growlithium energy, a font of immense power, stored in this easy-to-handle capsule! Nice! Just don't drop it, or everything will probably explode.

Item → Starship Turbo Fan
Item → Blast solar winds wherever you want with this vortex-funneling turbo fan! Warning: Do not use at parties. Well, unless you want your parties to be blown away by turbo winds.

Item → Cupcake Apron
Item → Show off your cooking cleverness and keep your clothes stain-free with this cute and comfortable apron!

Item → Mengu Koi Samurai Facial Armor
Item → A traditional facemask obtained from an even more traditional fish! You can't help looking great (and traditional) while you're wearing this!

Item → Geta
Item → Geta pair of these traditional wooden slippers and you'll soon be standing head and shoulders above your style-impaired companions!

Item → Pink Kimono
Item → Sleeve your arms (and the rest of yourself) in shimmering silk. Dyed a passionate pink and hand-stitched by crafty artisans, it's the perfect look for your next tea ceremony or historical reenactment!

Item → Blue Kimono
Item → Sleeve your arms (and the rest of yourself) in shimmering silk. Dyed a beautiful blue and hand-stitched by crafty artisans, it's the perfect look for your next tea ceremony or historical reenactment!

Item → Orange Kimono
Item → Sleeve your arms (and the rest of yourself) in shimmering silk. Dyed an adorable orange and hand-stitched by crafty artisans, it's the perfect look for your next tea ceremony or historical reenactment!

Item → Ornamental Hair Fan & Chopsticks
Item → Style yourself with the perfect hair, and then keep it in place with these lovely lacquered chopsticks at no additional charge! Two-for-one deals are very traditional, you know.

Item → Oil-paper Umbrella
Item → Cut the scary part out of falls and look good while you're doing it with this delicate - yet supportive - paper umbrella. May not be the best in a storm, but it'll definitely keep gravity at bay!

Item → Geisha Makeup
Item → Applied with exacting precision and exquisite materials, this makeup is a statement to the world that its bearer is poised, beautiful, and probably displeased with shenanigans. ANY shenanigans.

Item → Panda Mask
Item → Aww, it's adorable! Don this mask (with associated suit) and you'll instantly look like the second-cutest type of panda (after red pandas) and second-most monochromatic bear (after polar bears) in the world! Just goes to show that you can be second-place in looks... and first in our hearts.

Item → Panda Suit
Item → Aww, it's adorable! Don this suit (with associated mask) and you'll instantly look like the second-cutest type of panda (after red pandas) and second-most monochromatic bear (after polar bears) in the world! Just goes to show that you can be second-place in looks... and first in our hearts.

Item → Master Sensei's White Eyebrows
Item → You! Your eyebrows are weak! SMALL! UNWISE! They are unworthy, and should be replaced by THESE eyebrows, which are the true mark of ancient arts and knowledge. Put these perfectly-sized, immaculately-groomed eyebrows on and become the font of skill and understanding you know in your heart you should be.

Item → Jade Crescent Axe
Item → Honed over centuries by very bored monks and layered with precious stones and runed filigrees, this axe is a masterwork of ancient magic and EVEN MORE ANCIENT weaponsmithing. Wield it and you'll tear through foes, blocks, and butter like... um... even softer butter!

Item → Cherry Blossom Tree
Item → Serene leaves drift down from this beautiful blooming tree. A mark of traditional beauty and peaceful landscapes, they are not, unfortunately, associated with tasty desserts. Apparently, traditional cherry blossom trees don't make very tasty cherries! Ah, well - at least it still looks pretty!

Item → Jade Spikes
Item → Extra-beautiful means extra-deadly, right? These spikes are hand-carved from ancient jade, but they'll destroy you and anything they touch just as quickly as modern spikes! Now that's long-lasting quality. And pain.

Item → Coconut
Item → Beloved by castaways, curry-makers, and hipsters the world over, this is the best fruit that's also a drink! Crack open a lukewarm one today!

Item → Coconut Water
Item → Have you ever found yourself drinking water and thinking, "Wow, this doesn't make me feel special, nor does it taste anything like vaguely sweet chalk! I wish there were a stupidly expensive drink I could idolize and brag about drinking to my friends on social media." Well, think no more: Now you can enjoy all that and an insignificant percentage of your daily electrolytes in one gulp with COCONUT WATER! Ah, that's the stuff!

Item → Coconut Milk
Item → A delicious component in many fine curries and dishes, this is made from crushing coconut meat and has many useful applications! Makes for great desserts, drinks, sauces, and more! So much better than coconut water, right?

Item → Coconut Tart
Item → Sweet and silky, this tart is made from tropically-ripened coconuts and some very precise, very ancient baking secrets! These secrets are so ancient, in fact, that they're able to connect with the ghosts of other coconut aficionados! Food Buff: Grants anyone who eats this tart 50 XP from capturing ghosts! Note: Apparently, all ghosts REALLY enjoy coconut, so this bonus applies to any of them! Who knew?

Item → Purity Mooncake
Item → Perfection is a powerful message, and it's clearly in full effect with this astonishingly fine mooncake! Anyone who partakes of such a lovely and delicate treat will be empowered by the ancestors of the Harvest... Food Buff: Reduces the chance of suffering any Hand Scythe breakages by 5%.

Item → Koi Fish Leash
Item → The classiest of all fish (by at least 86%) has decided to join you on land! Now its classiness will follow you wherever you go! Thanks, classy koi.

Item → Growmoji Songpyeon
Item → Celebrate the harvest in your chat as well as your worlds! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Dumb Farmer
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Growtorial Entrance
Item → It's like a wall, except you can choose to let your friends come in! Only usable in the Growtorial!

Item → Dumb Surgeon
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Builder
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Fisher
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Star Captain
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Cook
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Legendary Clash Key & Finale Ticket
Item → One is for opening an end-of-year legendary prize, the other's for getting into a dangerous parkour world full of traps and treasures! We'll let you figure out which is which.

Item → Ezio's Hood
Item → Conceal your features from the watchful eyes of the Templars with this iconic hood.

Item → Ezio's Vest
Item → Comes with hidden pockets for blades, potions, explosives, and snacks.

Item → Ezio's Cape
Item → Weighted just right to catch the winds, this cape will help you stick a death-defying landing and look cool the whole time.

Item → Ezio's Trousers
Item → Just loaded with knives. Like, there are more weapons in an Assassin's pants than fabric.

Item → Ezio's Armguards
Item → Complete with deadly Hidden Blades, these armguards will help you unleash swift justice on all who side with the Templars.

Item → Ezio's Beard
Item → Exactly the right amount of grizzled and wise.

Item → Ezio's Hair
Item → Full of all the roguish charm you need to make the ladies of the Renaissance swoon - even the Templar ones.

Item → Ezio's Boots
Item → Ready to climb the Leaning Tower of Pisa, leap from the parapets of the Vatican, and knock cruel Templars from their seats of power.

Item → Hay Cart
Item → Incredibly soft and well-padded. You could easily hide in here, and probably even survive a leap of faith into it from hundreds of feet in the air - assuming your aim was perfect.

Item → Apocalypse Scythe
Item → Stolen from one of the four riders of the Apocalypse, this deadly blade is able to slice open the veil between life and death.

Item → Famine's Steed
Item → The undead steed of one of the four riders of the Apocalypse, FAMINE. This dark steed withers all that it passes.

Item → Conquest's Helm
Item → BEHOLD! The conqueror approaches. All who view this helm shall flee in terror before its bearer, and those who remain will find naught but ruin.

Item → Dark Aurora Wings
Item → The majesty of the skies has been corrupted by the dark powers of Growganoth! Once a symbol of beauty and grace, there is nothing left in these wings but wickedness and terror...

Item → Cat Eyes
Item → Wow, pawesome! These new eyes are the cat's meow, and the purrfect addition to any style.

Item → Knife Head
Item → A truly splitting headache.

Item → Evil Grin
Item → Makes you look way, WAY too happy...

Item → Vampiress Dress
Item → Perfect for a Bloodsucker's Ball!

Item → Nightmare Vampiress Dress
Item → The chosen garb for a dark baroness of the crypts, this coldly beautiful dress is made of the finest lace and all set for a night of revelry and ruin!

Item → Vapor Vent
Item → Don't get too close! The fumes from this vent can blast a Growtopian to bones in seconds flat!

Item → Riding Skeletal Shark
Item → Deaaaaaadly SHARK doo doo, doo doo doo doo! Deadly shark doo doo, doo doo doo doo!

Item → Angler Mask
Item → Makes even the most beautiful Growtopians into terrifying creatures of the depths! Great if you want to skip out on a blind date or scare small children!

Item → Demon Plague Doctor Mask
Item → As if normal Plague Doctor formal wear wasn't terrifying enough, someone's imbued this mask with haunting spirits of darkness and evil! Was that even necessary?!

Item → Vampire Hunter Hat
Item → Stake your claim on the night and show the legions of the undead who's boss with this extra-sharp hat. Remember, only the pointiest of headgear for the most skilled vampire hunters.

Item → Tragicomic Mask
Item → Celebrating happiness, sadness, and all the little moments in between! This mask will show the world you believe the true drama and splendor of life is not in stability, but in its highs and lows!

Item → Creepy Baby Head Mask
Item → Tired of people treating you like a little kid? Toss this bad boy on and send THEM crying home to momma!

Item → Growmoji Ghost
Item → Celebrate halloween with a ghost in your chat as well as your worlds! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Demon Angler Leash
Item → This is a demonic fish, not a fish that angles for demons. If you're ever unsure about which it is, just check for the gruesome teeth and eyes! Luckily, this particular specimen seems happy to join you on your adventures. Don't get your fingers near those chompers, though - even if it's loyal, it's still a demon!

Item → Skeletal Shark Leash
Item → This is what happens when you don't feed your fish, then bury it in unhallowed ground! Even worse, it looks like some foul magic has brought it back to float by your side once more!

Item → Ethereal Rainbow Dragon
Item → Fae energies from beyond the veil of life and space have flitted into our worlds! Sparkling with the prismatic glory of a light beyond mortal reckoning, this creature of mist and mystery will empower you with its knowledge of the realms beyond! Also, it'll look pretty.

Item → Heroic Tights of Prevention
Item → Amazing prismatic pants for a true hero of Growtopia! These glorious tights will keep you safe from villains AND prevent you from picking up floating items in the world! Nothing sticks to you, for you have the power of heroes!

Item → Wriggling Tentacle
Item → Oh, gross! This twitching, pulsing lump of flesh is STILL ALIVE! What horrifying creature did it belong to? And how could it survive without food or water for so long? If you brought more tentacles together, do you think it could create something like its former owner...?

Item → Tamed Looming Triffid
Item → Those terrifying tentacles have merged to create... a pet! It looks like this twitching monster is just grateful to be moving around on its own, and doesn't even want to eat your brains! Let's just hope it doesn't get any bigger!

Item → Magic Carpet
Item → More than just a rug! Step on and enter a whole new world! ...well, if you consider hovering slightly above the ground a "new world," that is.

Item → Mountain Dire Wolf
Item → AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Arctic lands shake with the terrifying howl of the monstrous dire wolf! If you find a way to ride this beast, its unnatural speed and deadly claws will be yours to command!

Item → Super Logo - Fist
Item → Emblazon this logo on your super costume to fight crime as... Knuckle Sandwich? Meat Hook? Mr. Fisticuffs? It's up to you!

Item → Stone Gargoyle Wings
Item → You wouldn't think stone wings could soar, but thanks to a thousand-year-old spell, these have the power to take you to the skies!

Item → Plasma Hair
Item → Set your hair afire with the energies of space and time! Inspired by HyperTech and made possible thanks to the mad science of Growtopia's test kitchens, this hair isn't just an electrifying fashion statement - it's also edible! WARNING: DO NOT EAT.

Item → Tiled Hospital Wall
Item → Guaranteed germ-free! Put enough of these together and you'll have the perfect place for health and recuperation!

Item → Fallen Pillar
Item → Nothing beside remains.

Item → Oil Slick
Item → Whoa! Careful you don't slip - and DEFINITELY don't light a match around this!

Item → HyperTech Multi-Jet Energy Pulser
Item → Boing-oing-oing! Using blasts of prototype repulser power, this HyperTech invention channels energy against anything that touches it, no matter what the angle!

Item → Hour Glass
Item → You might think these sands of time are an old-fashioned way to count the hours, but time is not always so predictable. Some say it can be like an ocean in a storm...

Item → Red House Entrance
Item → It's like a wall, except your friends can come in! ...and it's red! That's an important difference, too!

Item → Ancestral Orb of Time
Item → Incredible forces of immortality and history have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this orb. Equip it and mastery of the fourth dimension will be yours...

Item → Ancestral Orb of Time : Level 2
Item → Incredible forces of immortality and history have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this orb. Equip it and mastery of the fourth dimension will be yours... Gives you an improved time reduction on all of your providers!

Item → Ancestral Orb of Time : Level 3
Item → Incredible forces of immortality and history have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this orb. Equip it and mastery of the fourth dimension will be yours... Gives you an uncommonly-improved time reduction on all of your providers!

Item → Ancestral Orb of Time : Level 4
Item → Incredible forces of immortality and history have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this orb. Equip it and mastery of the fourth dimension will be yours... Gives you an extra-improved time reduction on all of your providers!

Item → Ancestral Orb of Time : Level 5
Item → Incredible forces of immortality and history have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this orb. Equip it and mastery of the fourth dimension will be yours... Gives you a super-improved time reduction on all of your providers!

Item → Dragon Block
Item → This dragon is impossibly mighty! Easily the strongest, most deadly creature we've ever seen in all of Growtopia! It also happens to be very, VERY lazy, however, so it never moves or does anything... but trust us - it's an unstoppable terror when it wants to be!

Item → Carnival Ladders
Item → All new and improved ladders! You can still only climb up - not down - but now with lovely carnival colors!

Item → Carnival Creep Platform
Item → You might think these platforms float in the air thanks to magic or super-magnets or something extra-weird, but we actually just pumped them full of carnival-grade helium. Science!

Item → Disabled Carnival Creep Platform
Item → A Carnival Creep Platform turned off. Extra-not for players! Even MORE than the original creepstone platform! Stay away!

Item → Atomic Gate
Item → These astonishingly dangerous magical doors connect all the worlds in Growtopia. Place one and then use your Wrench on it to set the destination. Warning, warning! Danger, Growtopian, danger!

Item → Crystallized Time
Item → A raw chunk of frozen eternity, preserved forever! The glitched-out time eddies surrounding it could certainly be used for something spectacular... or set on a shelf to look pretty!

Item → Blue Gem Lock
Item → Locks an entire world - and looks dazzling while it does it! Tap on it in your inventory to break it down into 100 Diamond Locks (if you have room in your inventory).

Item → Guild Name Changer
Item → Tired of people making fun of your guild because of one silly spelling error? Or maybe just looking for a change? Use this and get a second shot at it!

Item → Shadow Spirit of the Underworld
Item → A demon of the Shadow Plane, this dangerous creature obeys only you, its master, and lives to shred all others! Nobody knows how it came to be in your service, and it's probably best not to ask. For those who long for a darker world, this is definitely your spirit animal!

Item → Hacker's Dialog
Item → Hacker's simulator, for developers & QA only. Probably shouldn't have a description, but if you're actually in the office and bored and reading this, here's a joke: A Mexican magician says he will disappear on the count of 3. He says "Uno... Dos..." - poof! - he disappeared without a tres.

Item → Monarch Butterfly Wings
Item → These wings have the honor of being named after royalty! With a luscious color scheme, a wingspan of up to 10cm, these majestic wings offer action packed jumping capabilities.

Item → Winter Freezer Hood
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Winter Freezer style! This hood doesn't just keep you warm - it also makes you cool! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Winter Freezer Hood
Item → Celebrate the season in ULTRA Winter Freezer style! This hood don't just keep you ULTRA WARM - it also makes you ULTRA COOL! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Storm Cloud
Item → A soft and cuddly cloud that's willing to give you a step into the skies! Just be careful - he has a shocking sense of humor...

Item → Supplier's Cape
Item → The best Suppliers bring a wide assortment of goods for trade, and what better way to show them off than with this multicolored, ever-shifting cape? Don this garment and enjoy bonus points for any Supplier - that's Farmer, Surgeon, Fisher, and Star Captain, at the moment - Role quest you undertake!

Item → The Great Chameleon: Master of Disguise
Item → The hidden wonder of Growtopia has joined your side! Glekki, the Great Chameleon, has emerged from his hidden sanctuary and chosen YOU as his new apprentice. Keep him close at hand, and he'll teach you the ways of the chameleon, allowing you to blend in with ANY SURFACE as long as you stay verrrrry still. What an honor!

Item → Winter Freezer Robe
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Winter Freezer style! This robe doesn't just keep you warm - it also makes you cool! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Winter Freezer Robe
Item → Celebrate the season in ULTRA Winter Freezer style! This robe don't just keep you ULTRA WARM - it also makes you ULTRA COOL! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Lunar Crater
Item → That's one small step for a block... one giant leap for a Growtopian! Besides bringing the tranquil splendor of the Moon down to earth, these blocks provide a lovely high-jump thrust AND a pleasent slow-fall to any who take a jump from their craggy surface!

Item → Crafter's Cape
Item → Loaded with all kinds of useful tools to make any construction project a breeze, this many-pocketed cape is a Crafter's best friend! Don this garment and enjoy bonus points for any Crafter - that's Builder and Cook, at the moment - Role quest you undertake!

Item → Mad Hatter
Item → Hats! Hats for all! AHAHAHAAA! Don the tallest, wobbliest, most majestic tower of hats Growtopia has ever seen and become one with madness! Hats for me! Hats for you! Hats for EVERYONE! WOOHOO!

Item → Sheet Music: Lyre Note
Item → Order of the Minstrels! This sheet will play a lyre note for you, as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Lyre
Item → This sheet will play a lyre note for you - a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Lyre Note - as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Lyre
Item → This sheet will play a lyre note for you - a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Lyre Note - as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Oak Tree
Item → Majestic in its age and tough as they come, this old tree will shelter many a generation of Growtopian beneath its spreading boughs.

Item → Winter Foliage
Item → Rustling golden hued leaves, this foliage is a sign of changing seasons and evenings by the fireplace.

Item → Galleon's Mast
Item → Even the greatest galleons won't be going anywhere without a mast to hold their sails! Make sure your ship is tall and stout before you set out from port!

Item → Winter Hedge
Item → Perfect for creating a golden tinged hedge maze. Just don't put it near any hotels with dark pasts and invite caretakers with issues to watch over them. Not that that's ever happened before...

Item → Growmoji Halo
Item → Show off your angelic side while chatting with friends! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Nuke
Item → Blast your chat in 3... 2... 1... BOOM! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Sunset Clouds
Item → Lit by the fading light of a warm and cheerful sun, these fluffy clouds will brighten any sky!

Item → Sunset Clouds Background
Item → The day is ending and the sun's getting low, so why not mark the passing of the hours with a fluffy touch? These clouds are the perfect backdrop to a sleepy world that's ready for a nice night!

Item → Galleon's Ratlines
Item → These waters aren't safe! Get to the rigging and scout around for safe passage! What do you mean, we don't have rigging? Well, grab these ratlines and build it, sailor!

Item → Galleon Hull
Item → Yo ho, yo ho, a builder's life for me! Put the finishing touches on a ship fit for the open seas with this waterproof hull!

Item → Galleon's Crow's Nest
Item → Caw! The perfect place to scan the seas! Scamper up and set a spyglass to your eye - first to spot land gets an extra ration o' grog! Ya-harr!

Item → Lyre
Item → Perfect for a Renaissance Faire or your average medieval-themed garage band. Note that you can't punch when holding this lovely instrument, as we'll be too busy entertaining royalty! Punch anywhere to play music; if you punch to your left or right, you can bend the note higher or lower. Punch in your own column to play the same notes that Sheet Music: Lyre Note plays.

Item → Weapons Rack
Item → Show off your antique collection of weapons in this eye catching and ever expanding rack. They're sure to impress any visitors you may have!

Item → Jack's Shoes
Item → The boots of a very skilled road warrior! Collect Jack's full outfit and you'll be able to draw on his incredibly varied experiences to improve your performance in all kinds of Roles!

Item → Jack's Jeans
Item → The jeans of a very skilled road warrior! Collect Jack's full outfit and you'll be able to draw on his incredibly varied experiences to improve your performance in all kinds of Roles!

Item → Jack's Vest
Item → The vest of a very skilled road warrior! Collect Jack's full outfit and you'll be able to draw on his incredibly varied experiences to improve your performance in all kinds of Roles!

Item → Jack's Hat
Item → The hat of a very skilled road warrior! Collect Jack's full outfit and you'll be able to draw on his incredibly varied experiences to improve your performance in all kinds of Roles!

Item → Future Perfect Chip
Item → A model 101 super-processor, the FPC will attach directly to your neural cortex and, from there, extend a web of nanofibers throughout your skin, transforming you into a cybernetic powerhouse!

Item → Swirling Rainbow Eyes
Item → Whoosh! See the world in a new light with these kaleidoscopic eyes! Their fantastic, ever-spiraling beauty will set a smile on the faces of all who greet you!

Item → Knight's Chainmail - Sun
Item → Turn aside the blades of your enemies and show your fealty to the illuminating power of the sun with this hand-tooled chainmail!

Item → Knight's Chainmail - Lion
Item → Turn aside the blades of your enemies and show your fealty to the inspiring courage of the lion with this hand-tooled chainmail!

Item → Knight's Chainmail - Crown
Item → Turn aside the blades of your enemies and show your fealty to the deep-rooted honor of the crown with this hand-tooled chainmail!

Item → Tapestry
Item → Sure, it's made of the finest threads and hand-stitched over years by artisans. Sure, it depicts scenes of glory and valor and acts as a visual marker for the great acts of history. But... isn't it still just a carpet for your wall?

Item → Peasant Fence
Item → Get in touch with your rustic side! This weathered fence will keep wild forest critters at bay and mark the borders of your land just as well as those fancy city fences!

Item → Nobleman's House
Item → Your new home is ready, m'lord! This regal-yet-solid building will shelter you and your kin from the elements and keep things warm, even in the depths of winter!

Item → Rotten Woodland Tree
Item → A venerable giant of the forest has fallen! This once-towering tree took a tumble some time ago, and has already begun its return to the earth. Take a tour inside to see the cycle of life up close!

Item → Knight's Great Helm - Golden
Item → Show everyone you abide by the Code of Chivalry while keeping the sun - and any pesky arrows - out of your eyes at the same time! Now in glorious golden plate!

Item → Knight's Helm - Crusader
Item → Show everyone you abide by the Code of Chivalry while keeping the sun - and any pesky arrows - out of your eyes at the same time! Now in courageous crusader colors!

Item → Knight's Helm - Antlers
Item → Show everyone you abide by the Code of Chivalry while keeping the sun - and any pesky arrows - out of your eyes at the same time! Now with amazing antlered accents!

Item → Weather Vane
Item → Check the course of the winds and the rattle of oncoming storms with this old-fashioned weather vane! Perfect for topping barns - as well as the walls of hipster coffee houses.

Item → Stables
Item → Too many horses in your life? Horses in your house? Horses at the office? Horses in the hall? Stop tripping over those thoroughbreds and stash them here instead! This handy-dandy stable will turn even the worst horse-related clutter nice and tidy.

Item → Murder Hole - Hot Liquid Tar
Item → Ow, that's HOT! Perfect for protecting your medieval castle, or letting everyone know that you really, REALLY don't want salesmen coming to your door.

Item → Cheval de Frise (Siege Barrier)
Item → Stop cavalry charges in a snap with these spiky walls! With a good supply of these in place, those gallant knights will think twice before stomping around YOUR lands!

Item → Royal Carpet
Item → Extra thick for royal feet! This carpet is so relaxing - and expensive - it's like FIVE carpets in one!

Item → Wooden Guard Tower
Item → Get the lay of the land (and a good spot to use for launching a few arrows) from on high with this nice and sturdy guard tower!

Item → The 'Other' Royal Throne
Item → Hewn from oak and polished to a mirror shine. Even Kings and Queens need to do business somewhere!

Item → Scavenger Wheels
Item → A rumbling engine beneath you, choking soot behind, and post-apocalyptic adventures ahead. The world may have ended, but the roads... they go on forever!

Item → Scavenger Lord's Wheels
Item → Shiny and chrome! Rule the wastelands from atop this diesel-powered monster! The scavengers and warriors of the apocalypse will bow when they see you tearing past on this mad machine!

Item → 2-Face
Item → Seems like there's two sides to everything - and with this face, that includes you! What will you show to the world?

Item → Golden Midas Masterpants
Item → Wrap yourself in glittering, gleaming GLORY! Don this, and every inch of skin, every nerve and fiber, everything will transform into that most malleable and marvelous of metals... GOLD!

Item → Tiger Spirit
Item → You are one with your spirit animal! The awesome guidance of the Tiger Spirit has given you the gift of double jump! Ever see a tiger leap and take down unsuspecting prey? Well, now you can too! Just don't get distracted by laser pointers - tigers might be big, but they're still kitties at heart!

Item → Anomalizing Reliable Rolling Pin
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected food items, and guaranteed to never break!

Item → Anomalizing Pristine Rolling Pin
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected food items! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Exquisite Rolling Pin
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected food items!

Item → Anomalizing Elegant Rolling Pin
Item → Built to exacting specifications by GrowTech engineers to find and remove temporal anomalies from infected food items! Note: The fragile anomaly-seeking circuitry in these devices is prone to failure and may break (though with less of a chance than a Pristine version)! Use with care!

Item → Mad Hat 1
Item → A tremendously mad hat!

Item → Mad Hat 2
Item → A marvelously mad hat!

Item → Mad Hat 3
Item → An astonishingly mad hat!

Item → Nobleman's House Roof
Item → Getting rained on just won't do, m'lord! Every fine and upstanding noble house needs a solid roof to keep their tapestries, family portraits, and rich silks dry, so stock up on these blocks to keep out the elements!

Item → Nobleman's House Door
Item → Careful, m'lord! I have it on good authority that bears are attracted to wealth and fine food, which makes you a prime target! Protect yourself - and your things - from this danger with a nice, solid door. As an added bonus, it also keeps out unsightly beggars and street urchins!

Item → Stable Roof
Item → If you think you have horse problems now, wait until your horses get rained or snowed on - they HATE weather, and they'll blame you for it. Best to avoid the issue entirely by building a nice roof for their stables!

Item → Stable Background
Item → Stables aren't very effective with only one wall! Keep your clever horses from exploiting Growtopia's geometry and escaping by adding a background to their stables as well!

Item → Winter Token
Item → Access to the wonders of the Winter Season! Collect these to unlock its many rewards!

Item → Winter Event Player Medal: Bronze
Item → Awarded for achieving THIRD PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Winter season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Winter Event Player Medal: Silver
Item → Awarded for achieving SECOND PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Winter season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Winter Event Player Medal: Gold
Item → Awarded for achieving FIRST PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Winter season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Winter Event Guild Medal: Bronze
Item → Awarded for achieving THIRD PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Winter season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Winter Event Guild Medal: Silver
Item → Awarded for achieving SECOND PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Winter season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Winter Event Guild Medal: Gold
Item → Awarded for achieving FIRST PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Winter season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Thanksgiving Bell
Item → Ding ding! Ring in a wonderful season - and meal - of thanks with this bright and beautiful bell!

Item → Dead Thanksgiving Turkey
Item → This turkey has gobbled its last! Now it has a new purpose: Gracing your dinner table! Prep the oven, because it's TURKEY TIME!

Item → Roasted Turkey
Item → The centerpiece of every feast! What better way to celebrate a season of thanks than with a gorgeous roast turkey? Smells divine, tastes even finer!

Item → Riding Turkey
Item → Gobble gobble! He's off the dinner table and on the road! This adventurous turkey wants to see the world, and he's happy to take you along for the ride! Saddle up and get gobbling!

Item → Turkey Wings
Item → Don't let anyone tell you turkeys are lame! They are FANTASTIC flyers, and with their wings behind you, the skies are yours! Now go forth and gobble!

Item → Pilgrim's Hat
Item → There are all kinds of things to be thankful for during the holidays, but maybe one of the most important is just how dang awesome those pilgrims looked! Top your ensemble with this traditional hat and join the fun!

Item → Pilgrim's Coat
Item → There are all kinds of things to be thankful for during the holidays, but maybe one of the most important is just how dang awesome those pilgrims looked! Cover your ensemble with this traditional coat and join the fun!

Item → Pilgrim's Shoes
Item → There are all kinds of things to be thankful for during the holidays, but maybe one of the most important is just how dang awesome those pilgrims looked! Complete your ensemble with these traditional shoes and join the fun!

Item → Pilgrim's Bonnet
Item → There are all kinds of things to be thankful for during the holidays, but maybe one of the most important is just how dang awesome those pilgrims looked! Top your ensemble with this traditional bonnet and join the fun!

Item → Pilgrim's Dress
Item → There are all kinds of things to be thankful for during the holidays, but maybe one of the most important is just how dang awesome those pilgrims looked! Elevate your ensemble with this traditional dress and join the fun!

Item → Colonization Wagon Base
Item → Westward, ho! Put together the toughest all-terrain traveling machine imaginable, starting with this mighty wagon base!

Item → Colonization Wagon Canopy
Item → Westward, ho! Put together the toughest all-terrain traveling machine imaginable and keep it nice and dry with this weather-resistant canopy!

Item → Wagon Wheel
Item → Westward, ho! Put together the toughest all-terrain traveling machine imaginable, and make sure it can take the ups and downs of the trail with this rough-and-tumble wheel!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey
Item → Gobble gobble! Release the turkeys and begin the festivities! Thanksgiving is upon us, and it's time to celebrate!

Item → Growmoji Turkey
Item → Gobble gobble! Celebrate and give thanks while chatting with friends! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Monochromatic Bedrock
Item → No info.

Item → Monochromatic Dirt
Item → Yep, it's black-and-white dirt.

Item → Monochromatic Lava
Item → DO NOT TOUCH! Apparently, even black-and-white lava can burn...

Item → Monochromatic Cave Background
Item → Technically, this is also dirt, but it's not just dirt that's farther away - it's also black-and-white!

Item → Monochrome Blast
Item → Who needs color? Enter a world of blacks and whites and nothing else! It may be monochromatic, but it's a full spectrum of FUN! Warning: Fun not guaranteed.

Item → Onyx Block
Item → Deep, rich bands of white and black give this precious gemstone a sense of life - and value - to be envied.

Item → Go-Go-Growformer!
Item → Zip through the streets on squealing wheels of steel, then transform and smash through walls and villains with the power of the Growformers! This incredible automaton has a mind of his own, but he's happy to be your wheels and shield as you tear through the many worlds of Growtopia! Push the pedal to the metal and you'll be saying 'GG!' in 0.5 seconds!

Item → Ultra Winter Freezer Teddy Suit
Item → Celebrate the season with the new ULTRA Winter Freezer style! This suit doesn't just turn you into an ULTRA warm and adorable teddy bear - it also turns you into an ULTRA cool one! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Winter Freezer Teddy Mask
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Winter Freezer style! This mask doesn't just turn you into a warm and adorable teddy bear - it also turns you into a cool one! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Crown of Duplication
Item → What's better than one pet? Why, TWO, of course! With the strange powers of this ancient relic, any pet that chooses to follow you will be joined by its own time-tossed duplicate from another reality! What strange adventures does this doppel-pet have while it's away? Probably best not to ask - what if it's from a better world than yours? You might get jealous!

Item → Mage's Orb
Item → Long before they built totally responsible and not-at-all dangerous techno-marvels, GrowTech used to be known as MagiGrow, and they turned out all kinds of crazy inventions like this ancient Mage's Orb! We're not sure how or where this relic was found, but it's still supercharged with mystic might! Ouch! Wield this and you'll find zapping things easier than ever! MagiGrow: Puttin' the "harm" in thaumaturgy since 740AD!

Item → Cracked Stone Slab
Item → Careful! Careful! This beautiful stone slab took a nasty spill somewhere before it got into your hands, and now it's a bit shaky! If you're still going to build with it, do it gingerly!

Item → Snowflake Eyes
Item → Forget those fools with stars in their eyes! This holiday season, it's snowflakes or nothin'! Show off your winter wizardry with these icy-cool eyes! You'll never lose a staring contest again!

Item → Rugged Winter Beard
Item → Beautiful and burly, just like you! This beard has been through snow, mud, rain, cougars, and falling trees, and only gotten mightier for it! Can you live up to its brawny power?

Item → Ice Queen Winter Makeup
Item → Crisp and cool, just like you! This makeup has been applied by frosty faeries using all-ice ingredients for a look that's fit for only the most wintry of royalty. Can you live up to its snowy majesty?

Item → Snowflake Eyes with Rugged Winter Beard
Item → Cement yourself as a king of winter with this one-two knockout combo of frosty eyes and burly beardery! Nobody will question your devotion to the season again!

Item → Snowflake Eyes with Ice Queen Winter Makeup
Item → Cement yourself as a queen of winter with this one-two stunner of icy-cool eyes and pristine snow-dappled makeup! Nobody will question your devotion to the season again!

Item → Super Snowball Launcher
Item → Using advanced frost-gauss technology, this launcher accelerates snowballs to dangerous velocities! Tired of being unable to pelt your friends in neighboring cities? Aim this baby at the sky and make it a white Christmas for them in seconds!

Item → Abominable Snowman Suit
Item → Rar! The body of a horrible, terrifying beast of the arctic wastes! All who see you will know your abominableness... but is that truly who you are on the inside? And who are they to judge, anyway?!

Item → Abominable Snowman Mask
Item → Rar! The mask of a horrible, terrifying beast of the arctic wastes! All who see you will know your abominableness... but is that truly who you are on the inside? And who are they to judge, anyway?!

Item → Snowflake Wings of Winter
Item → Through the magic of snow and icy auroras, these wings keep you aloft by making you as light as a snowflake, and twice as special!

Item → Chipmunk
Item → Chittering, chattering, and tons of fun, this chipmunk is tired of hoarding nuts for winter and wants to spend all his time playing with you!

Item → Snow Leopard Tail
Item → Swooshing through the artic terrain, the mighty snow leopard stalks his prey - and now you can, too! This tail grants perfect pouncing balance, so look out, mice and rabbits!

Item → Snowfrost's Top Hat
Item → A cheery holiday hat to cap the costume of a most mischievous sprite! Snowfrost is here - and it's time to play!

Item → Snowfrost's Mask
Item → Get your warm face on with this frost-shielding mask! You may be a prince of winter, but you'll never be left in the cold with Snowfrost at your side!

Item → Snowfrost's Suit
Item → Threaded with frost, whorls of ice, and a hint of merriment, this suit feels surprisingly warm... and just a little bit mischievous!!

Item → Snowfrost's Candy Cane Blade
Item → Slice through those who'd dare to harm your holidays! ...or snack away to satisfy your sweet tooth! It's an all-in-one weaponized treat, hand-spun for you!

Item → The Horrible Holiday Hoodie
Item → And you thought the sweater was bad! This hoodie is sixteen flavors of terrible holiday glitz and glurge, all spun together by blind spiders with poor fashion sense. Spectacular!

Item → Slime Green Hoodie
Item → Hide your hair from snow and show your slimy side with this gloriously green hoodie!

Item → Snow Husky
Item → Arf! Even if you're not running a race across the ice, this husky is the perfect winter pet! He's warm, fuzzy, and happiest when he's helping you spread holiday cheer!

Item → Snow Husky Sledge
Item → Dashing through the snow, barking as we go, this sledge is pulled by dogs, and anything but slow!

Item → Poseidon's Digger's Trident
Item → Don't let the king of the deep know you've got this! He's been trying to cultivate the perfect coral garden, and he's going to be SO MAD when he finds out we stole his trident for you! This watery trident is very specifically designed for one purpose: to prick deep sand and ocean rock. It is pretty useless at digging anywhere else, but dang if it doesn't rip deep sand and ocean rock apart.

Item → Long Tree Log
Item → Tired of short, pointless little logs that just lie on the ground and don't go anywhere? Well, this long, looooong log is here to help by making your buildings extra-woody! Just add log!

Item → Tall Tree Log
Item → Tired of short, pointless little logs that just stack around by themselves and don't reach for the skies? Well, this tall, tallllll log is here to help by making your buildings extra-woody! Just add log!

Item → White Grape Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of grape jelly... that somehow tastes like a holiday soda with just a hint of a cinnamon! Not sure how that happened...

Item → Cranberry Jelly Block
Item → A wibbly-wobbly block of cranberry jelly. It tastes like festivals and family-time... and also tart berries. Ew - needs more sugar!

Item → Snow Crust Block
Item → What could be hiding underneath this heavy layer of snow? You'll just have to build and find out, won't you?

Item → Winterfest Tree
Item → Build a primeval forest of these majestic snow-wrapped trees and you'll have the perfect place for a deep-winter cottage!

Item → Winterfest Wonderland Foliage
Item → It's like normal foliage, except 50% more merry! Probably full of rustling squirrels and stoic nutcrackers, too!

Item → Candy Cane Streetlamp
Item → Shining with warm yuletide light and the gleam of freshly-forged candy!

Item → Snowy Rocks Platform
Item → Watch your step! These rocks have been dusted with a light layer of frost, making them extra-dangerous - and who knows what's waiting for you down below?

Item → Icy Igloo
Item → Shelter from the icy cold in a warm cocoon of... more ice? Weird how that works, isn't it?

Item → Winterfest Sign
Item → Let everyone know you have something to say, and with an extra dose of holiday cheer sprinkled on top!

Item → Dark Snowy Cave Background
Item → The building block of a dark and sunken place of snowbound wonders! Will your cave be a place of holiday cheer and light, or an eerie and foreboding home for yetis... and worse?

Item → Nutmeg Block
Item → Just think of how many pies you could make with this enormous hunk o' spice. That's a good price for twelve pounds of nutmeg!

Item → Ground Nutmeg
Item → Brimming with holiday goodness and a poweful taste! Use sparingly, or you'll overwhelm your dishes (and tastebuds)!

Item → Pumpkin Pie
Item → Delectable holiday goodness, rich with creamy squash and hints of cinnamon and nutmeg! Not QUITE as American as apple pie, but still pretty high up there! Food Buff: Doubles the points per Winter Gift given to GROWCH!

Item → Eggnog
Item → Mmm! Tired of eating your eggs? Then this traditional holiday brew is just for you! No cooking needed (but probably a TON of exercise)! Food Buff: 25% chance of doubling how much a Tree Decoration decorates a Giving Tree!

Item → Mr. Narwhal Leash
Item → The majestic narwhal, unicorn of the deep and expert poker of all things aquatic, has made the leap from the deep and landed at your side! Take him for a spin, but watch out for that horn!

Item → Narwhal Tusk Staff
Item → Perfect for summoning the powers of the seas as well as poking slow people in front of you at the store! Narwhals HATE waiting in line almost as much as they love the water, so they'd appreciate it you took the time to do both!

Item → Bandaged Mr. Narwhal
Item → This is a 1 lb. Bandaged Mr. Narwhal. The majestic narwhal, bandaged due to a terrible accident! Poor fella - maybe you can give him a good home in your aquarium so he can recover!

Item → Growmoji Gift
Item → Celebrate Winterfest and toss some gifts in your chat at the same time! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2018
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar for 2018, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2018
Item → Winterfest 2018 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Growformer PowerKey
Item → Boop beep! Give this a click to shift your Growformer into its alternate form! Also activates its security system if you have to leave it in the parking lot!

Item → Nutcracker
Item → I'm the Nutcracker, nuts, crackers and slightly mad!

Item → Winter Chest
Item → WINTER CHEST ICON ONLY

Item → Galleon's Mast - Crossbeam
Item → Caw! The perfect place to scan the seas! Scamper up and set a spyglass to your eye - first to spot land gets an extra ration o' grog! Ya-harr!

Item → SLaminator's Boomerang
Item → Show the sound barrier who's boss with this slammin' slapper of a boomerang! Thanks to its supporter, it travels extra-far and crazy-fast! If you ever see it coming back, though, watch out! It's not easy to catch something this unpredictable and keep all your fingers! Sponsored by JIRISTAR, ChiggaLam and SLaminator.

Item → Nutcracker Hat
Item → Extra tall for hiding a winter's worth of nuts! Just don't let any squirrels know - it's near-impossible to clear out a squirrel infestation without ruining the fabric.

Item → Nutcracker Mask
Item → Complete your seasonal fantasy look with the stoic face of elite nutcracker royalty! Warning: Do not try to crack nuts with your teeth just because you're wearing this - it WILL hurt!

Item → Nutcracker Coat
Item → Warm and cozy! This coat is perfect for keeping away the chill of any mystical winter-time journeys, as well as the claws of the evil Mouse King!

Item → Nutcracker Pants
Item → Well-sized for your average Growtopian (and nutcracker Lieutenant), these are made from GrowTech's patented nut-wicking material to ensure you won't have any stray almonds or walnuts sticking to your sides!

Item → Nutcracker Boots
Item → Polished so well you can see yourself in them, and carefully swept free of nut shells and dust!

Item → Nutcracker Saber
Item → Slash and parry at villainous mice (and particularly tough nuts) with this crackin' good blade!

Item → OVEROLL's Wings
Item → Hit the heights with these wicked-cool wings! Thanks to their sponsor, you won't just be doing barrel rolls - you'll be doing OVEROLLS! Sponsored by OVEROLL

Item → Super Squirt Rifle 500
Item → The terror of summer battlefields is now in your hands! Portable soaking technology has come a long way, so not only can you use this to douse your friends (and foes), but it'll go further than ever and even put out fires!

Item → Men's Board Shorts - Ocean Wave
Item → Hang ten in this bodacious beachwear! These are blue and cool, through and through. You'll be secure in your good looks on land and at sea with these waterproof and style-assured shorts!

Item → Men's Board Shorts - Checkered
Item → Hang ten in this bodacious beachwear! These are lined and fine, through and through. You'll be secure in your good looks on land and at sea with these waterproof and style-assured shorts!

Item → Women's Swimsuit - Deep Ocean Blue
Item → Look great in sun and surf alike! With a helpful UV lining, these smart-fabric swimsuits will not only make you look amazing, but they'll also protect you from harmful sunburns! Looking good never felt so safe!

Item → Women's Swimsuit - Coral Pink
Item → Look great in sun and surf alike! With a helpful UV lining, these smart-fabric swimsuits will not only make you look amazing, but they'll also protect you from harmful sunburns! Looking good never felt so safe!

Item → Wet Hair
Item → The sea was kind to you! Tide-tossed and kissed by the sun, this hair is perfectly wet and wild! Just don't go looking for a towel to dry off! It's amazing exactly the way it is - just like you.

Item → Unicorn Floatie
Item → Tired of having to choose between hanging out with a majestic creature of mystery and myth or an awesome pool accessory? Well, worry no more - now you can have both!

Item → Jet Ski
Item → Swimming is for suckers! In fact, traveling anywhere without a jet engine is for suckers, but nowhere is that more true than on open water! Crank this baby into overdrive and make friends with salt spray and the horizon, because you're king of the sea now! Vroom!

Item → Waterslide Strut
Item → Start building the perfect waterslide with this supporting, yet slippery strut! What, you thought waterslides just came together on their own? No way! Just like the best people, even the best slides need care and support!

Item → Waterslide
Item → The summertime backyard favorite is now yours! Build the most wonderful, wettest, waterslide of your dreams and become the envy of everyone in your neighborhood! You'll have to start charging for rides!

Item → Dunking Bucket
Item → Toss someone into the drink with this water-filled bucket! Works like a charm on: Clowns, principals, members of congress, multi-level marketers, telephone sanitizers... anyone, really!

Item → Inflatable Ring
Item → Tired of feeling tired all the time? Wish you could just lie down on your bed and take a quick nap but it's miles away? Well, just inflate this and you can sack out into dreamland whenever sleepiness strikes!

Item → Kiddie Pool
Item → Just because you don't have room for an Olympic-sized pool doesn't mean you can't have Olympic-sized fun! Get out the kiddie pool and enjoy a quick summertime splash anywhere - even your living room! WARNING: Do not use in your living room. Or if you do, please don't mention us.

Item → Golden Jet Ski
Item → Strapping a jet engine to your feet and flying across the water is already a great idea, but you know what it's missing? SOLID GOLD JET POWER, BABY! What could go wrong?

Item → Balloon-Frosting War Glove
Item → Brr! This dangerous glove adds a thickened shell of frost to every balloon its wearer throws, tripling its points on a successful hit! Just be careful - its GrowTech freezing circuits are prone to failure and may break! Use with care!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Gold Trophy - Punch
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Silver Trophy - Punch
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Bronze Trophy - Punch
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Gold Trophy - Grow
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Silver Trophy - Grow
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Bronze Trophy - Grow
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Gold Trophy - Build
Item → Awarded for awesome balloon battling! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Silver Trophy - Build
Item → Second place ain't bad! Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter Bronze Trophy - Build
Item → There's no such thing as a loser in Balloon Warz, but... you lost. Ah, well - stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off anyway!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter MVP Trophy - Punch
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter MVP Trophy - Grow
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Balloon Warz Winter MVP Trophy - Build
Item → You were MVP in the great Balloon Warz. Stick this in the trophy cabinet and show it off to all your friends!

Item → Plunger
Item → From the weird and wacky world of some crazy critters! Fixes toilets and makes a stylish fashion statement!

Item → The Brother Hood
Item → Conceal your features from the watchful eyes of the Templars with this iconic hood.

Item → Unicorn
Item → Once ridden by the legendary ninja kitty, this unicorn has stopped stabbing people and only wants to snuzzle you! Man, you're so much luckier than its previous 426 owners...

Item → Glowing Shirt
Item → This shirt was fished out of a pool of radioactive chemicals, giving it unnatural brightness (but no spider powers, unfortunately). Wearing it will turn every room around you into the hottest club in town!

Item → Foppy 4.0
Item → Forged in honor of the finest kitty in at least twenty worlds, this mask combines their stylish color scheme with even MORE stylish robotic technology! You might be cool, but are you robo-kitty cool? Wear this mask and find out! -- This is the subscriber item for February 2019, and was chosen by DanyRed.

Item → Hovernator Drone - White
Item → Gliding silently through the skies on carbon fiber blades, this drone is packed with dangerous GrowTech attack systems and an advanced logic engine preloaded with Amethyst-Generation AI! Luckily, it has to obey the holder of its remote - and that's you! Just don't, like, lose that thing. We've had to put down about eighty drone uprisings already...

Item → Hovernator Drone - Black
Item → Gliding silently through the skies on carbon fiber blades, this drone is packed with dangerous GrowTech attack systems and an advanced logic engine preloaded with Amethyst-Generation AI! Luckily, it has to obey the holder of its remote - and that's you! Just don't, like, lose that thing. We've had to put down about eighty drone uprisings already...

Item → Hovernator Drone - Red
Item → Gliding silently through the skies on carbon fiber blades, this drone is packed with dangerous GrowTech attack systems and an advanced logic engine preloaded with Amethyst-Generation AI! Luckily, it has to obey the holder of its remote - and that's you! Just don't, like, lose that thing. We've had to put down about eighty drone uprisings already...

Item → Hovernator Drone - Golden
Item → Gliding silently through the skies on carbon fiber blades, this drone is packed with dangerous GrowTech attack systems and an advanced logic engine preloaded with Amethyst-Generation AI! Luckily, it has to obey the holder of its remote - and that's you! Just don't, like, lose that thing. We've had to put down about eighty drone uprisings already...

Item → Winter Freezer Cuddly Fox Scarf
Item → Celebrate the season with a foxy new addition to the Winter Freezer style! This super-cuddly scarf doesn't just keep you warm - it also makes you cool! Try to find another adorable animal that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...!

Item → Ultra Winter Freezer Cuddly Fox Scarf
Item → Celebrate the season with an ULTRA-FOXY new addition to the Winter Freezer style! This super-cuddly scarf doesn't just keep you ULTRA WARM - it also makes you ULTRA COOL! Try to find another adorable animal that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...!

Item → Doppelganger Projector
Item → Ever wished there were more of you in the world? Well, take a step onto this shimmering platform, and your wish will be granted! Advanced Mimic Engine scanners in this block will project copies of anyone who stands on top of them! Try it out and you'll really start seeing double!

Item → Robotic MK.IV Wings
Item → After a great deal of experimentation and only, like, ten major accidents, GrowTech's engineers have worked out all the kinks and produced these fantastically fancy, almost certainly safe wings! Just... don't ask about Wings MK.I-III. They had... problems.

Item → Sprite's Robe
Item → Don this beautiful robe to summon the power of a playful sprite! Every jump will transform you into a Sprite for a time and take you bounding above the world!

Item → Sonic Buster Sword
Item → Smash the limits with this intensely powerful weapon! Oversized might for oversized heroics, this weapon swirls with spirit energy - a devastating weapon in the right hands, and a gorgeous conversation piece in just about any!

Item → Treasure Blast
Item → Enter a world of snow-capped peaks and long-forgotten mysteries! Riddles and secrets - and a ton of treasure - await those who brave this blast's blocks! Remember, when you use this, it'll create a new world by typing in a new name! No sense in searching for clues to great treasures in well-trod worlds, is there?

Item → Map Fragment
Item → A piece of a larger mystery! This fragment can't tell you much on its own, but if you manage to patch enough together, well, just imagine the treasures they might reveal...

Item → Treasure Map
Item → This map is covered in strange designs and shifting letters! They get a little easier to see when you're moving faster, though...

Item → Treasure Map
Item → This map is covered in strange designs and shifting letters! They're hard to make out in the light of day, though...

Item → Treasure Map
Item → This map is covered in strange designs and shifting letters! The paper seems incredibly dry, though...

Item → Treasure Map
Item → This map is covered in strange designs and shifting letters! The paper seems quite damp, though...

Item → Treasure Map
Item → This map is covered in strange designs and shifting letters! The language isn't like anything you've heard of on Earth, though...

Item → Treasure Map
Item → This map is covered in strange designs and shifting letters! The runes have a dangerous sheen of gold, though...

Item → Map of Tyr
Item → This map's letters are hard to see in the light of day, and even those you CAN make out seem to change from moment to moment...

Item → Map of Odin
Item → This map's letters are hard to see in the light of day, and even those you CAN make out seem to change from moment to moment...

Item → Map of Thor
Item → This map's letters are hard to see in the light of day, and even those you CAN make out seem to change from moment to moment...

Item → Map of Frigg
Item → This map's letters are hard to see in the light of day, and even those you CAN make out seem to change from moment to moment...

Item → Legendary Map - Untouched
Item → Ooh! This is one heck of a map! Looks like there's a lot of scrambled text and hidden messages here - you'd need a powerful algorithm to make sense of it all...

Item → Legendary Map - Scanned
Item → The Boss Goo has burnt the message into the page. Under the glow of the spectral light, perhaps a new clue!

Item → Legendary Map - Magnified
Item → Beneath the swirling words a tiny set of runes can been seen, magnified by your surgical tools.

Item → Legendary Map - Deciphered
Item → The runes of the frozen cliffs match certain ones all over your map! When you put them together, a final message becomes clear, but the letters seem strangely faded to you, as if your eyes just aren't quite evolved - or mutated - enough to make them out...

Item → Frozen Stone Cliffs
Item → Clasp these crags with crooked hands, and you'll have the perfect blocks to build a home in lonely lands...

Item → Glacier Background
Item → Brr! This background seems to radiate an unearthly chill. It's like standing near the heart of winter...

Item → Rune Stone
Item → Etched with ancient knowledge! Could this be code for a mystic spell? A lost technology? Or... hmm... a growcery list?

Item → Altar
Item → What strange ceremonies took place here? More importantly, what strange ceremonies will YOU perform here?

Item → Hidden Treasure
Item → Glittering secrets! But be careful! Don't tell anyone about it! If you do, it won't be hidden anymore - it'll just be regular treasure, and who wants that?

Item → Rune Carved Stone Pillar
Item → Holds up the ceiling and looks wonderfully ancient! What do you suppose those runes say?

Item → Long Boat
Item → Drive yourself to new lands - and battle treacherous waters - with this hand-hewn craft!

Item → Round Shield
Item → Circles are the superior defense setup! This baby deflects 7.8% more blows than all other shield shapes! Invest now!

Item → Frigg's Belt
Item → Spun from the finest gold and made with craftsmanship of such surpassing grace, the Aesir themselves will applaud its bearer. Good thing that's you, eh?

Item → Meat
Item → A big honkin' hunk of deliciousness! Take a bite and you'll find yourself infused with gigantic meaty might! Time to feast!

Item → Battle Boar
Item → Supercharged with porcine fury, its terrible oinks will be the last thing your foes ever hear!

Item → Golden Battle Boar
Item → Gleaming in the light of war, this gorgeous boar is the most beautiful - and deadly - of its kind!

Item → Weather Machine - Frozen Cliffs
Item → Take your world to new heights with this breathtaking backing of icy mountains and perilous canyons! Whirling lands of snow await - just punch to activate! Oh, and remember, this is delicate machinery we're dealing with here, and it won't function when damaged.

Item → Tyr's Spear
Item → Justice and duty resonate in the heart of this godly weapon, propelling it far beyond its wielder's reach and into the very heart of evil!

Item → Huginn and Muninn - Odin's Ravens
Item → Thought and Memory, perfectly perched on each shoulder to whisper the world's secrets into your ears! Just make sure to feed them, or they might take a chunk out of you in return!

Item → Mjolnir
Item → The hammer of the gods! Wreathed in myth and forged with a core of living lightning, this legendary artifact was once lost in the gulf between the stars! Will you succeed on its former owner's cosmic quest? Are you... worthy?

Item → Eir's Healing Rune
Item → Infused with the medical might of Eir, a healing goddess, this rune will grant swift recovery and aid to any who hold it! Also grants minty fresh breath, which is an especially nice benefit when you consider the standard Viking diet. 

Item → Thor's Chariot
Item → Looks like Thor misplaced his wheels! Fortunately, his feisty goats, Tanngrisnir and Tanngnjostr, have taken a liking to you and decided to forgo the standard BITE BITE BITE greeting they tend to use on new owners. Let's ride!

Item → Growmoji Cake
Item → Celebrate the party by baking some delicious cake for your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → The Amazing Hexagon - 6th Anniversary Block
Item → Six sides for six incredible years! How cool is this hexagon? Almost as cool as you, for being a part of a game that's grown and thrived like none other!

Item → Super Party Launcher
Item → Those other ravers laughed at you. They thought you didn't have the moves to dance with them. They thought your game was weak and your accessories were weaker. Well, joke's on them, because now you're ready to party the night away with the ultimate in confetti domination! Who's laughing NOW, foolish ravers?! Kinda hard to make fun of someone when you've got paper confetti and maybe a Mach 5 firework in your face, isn't it??

Item → Black Party Table
Item → For the classiest of shindigs. Fine china not included.

Item → Party Punch Bowl
Item → A great place to gather drinks for the whole crew... or one uber-mega thirst-quencher for yourself!

Item → Balloon Decoration
Item → The most whimsical of interior design choices.

Item → Air Horn
Item → Little-known fact: All Growtopia air horns are actually the sound of a very angry camel screaming.

Item → Floating Speakers
Item → These aren't for pool parties - they're for you! Hit the air on waves of sound with these thumpin' good boomboxes!

Item → Golden Party-In-A-Box
Item → Sparkling with luxury and gold-plated fun! You can just barely hear amped-up techno music coming from deep inside this box. Maybe you should open it and see if a truly righteous party comes out?

Item → Goat Leash
Item → The leash to one of two very famous goats! Let's see... this particularly bitey boy is either named "Teeth-Barer" or "Teeth Grinder". I'm not sure how to find out which without getting bitten, however, so your guess is as good as mine!

Item → Dragon Warrior's Shield - Crimson
Item → An unyielding defense against claws, fangs, spiky tails, and the blazing breath of even the mightiest drakes! Comes in a variety of colors, all related to ancient customs and knightly orders! Looks like this one is red, for the Crimson Court!

Item → Dragon Warrior's Shield - Purple
Item → An unyielding defense against claws, fangs, spiky tails, and the blazing breath of even the mightiest drakes! Comes in a variety of colors, all related to ancient customs and knightly orders! Looks like this one is purple, for the Noble Bastion!

Item → Dragon Warrior's Shield - Silver
Item → An unyielding defense against claws, fangs, spiky tails, and the blazing breath of even the mightiest drakes! Comes in a variety of colors, all related to ancient customs and knightly orders! Looks like this one is silver, for the Silver Spire!

Item → Dragon Warrior's Shield - Diamond
Item → An unyielding defense against claws, fangs, spiky tails, and the blazing breath of even the mightiest drakes! Comes in a variety of colors, all related to ancient customs and knightly orders! Looks like this one is diamond, for the rarest of all: The Radiant Souls!

Item → Growmoji Heart with Arrow
Item → Pin down your lover's heart with an arrow in your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Chinese Temple Pillar
Item → Might not be a pillar of heaven, but these will still do a great job of holding up the foundations of a temple tall enough to reach it!

Item → Chinese Prayer Wheel
Item → Painted with lovely colors to please the heavens! Give them a spin for a little extra luck!

Item → Chinese Temple Background
Item → Richly-carved and decorated wood, perfect for enclosing a heavenly space!

Item → Chinese Temple Awning
Item → These loops and swirls of painted wood have a whimsical flair that's a perfect fit for overlooking any place of peace!

Item → Incense Urn
Item → Wisps of aromatic smoke spill from this heavy urn, filling the air with calming scents!

Item → Draconic Rocket Parasol
Item → To the heavens! In honor of the original creators of fireworks, this parasol has been loaded up with a dragon's worth! Use them to blast your way into the heavens, and then float gently down to Earth when you're done! There are only 1000 in existence!

Item → Growmoji Lucky Token
Item → Celebrate the New Year by popping a little luck into your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Year of the Pig Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Dragon Glass
Item → Forged in pools of molten rock by the unfathomable heat of a dragon's fire, this glass is touched by the mystic qualities of their creators!

Item → Toasted Village Wall
Item → This endured the worst heat of a passing firedrake - it's a miracle it's still standing!

Item → Toasted Village Background
Item → Covered in ash and soot, this wall is more carbon than wood!

Item → Toasted Village Door
Item → Warped by a firedrake's flames, it's hard to believe this door even opens now!

Item → Toasted Village Roof
Item → The villagers who took shelter under this roof when a firedrake attacked are lucky it didn't burn all the way through! Things certainly got a little singed, though!

Item → Toasted Village Window
Item → The perfect place to look out on devastated crops - and keep an eye out for a returning dragon!

Item → Toasted Village Fence
Item → This blasted fence won't be corralling too many animals now - it looks like a stiff breeze could knock it over!

Item → Toasted Villager Shirt
Item → Toasty! This top took a quick blast of flame from a dragon, and it shows!

Item → Toasted Villager Hat
Item → Toasty! Whoever wore this was pretty unlucky when a dragon came to town, though better this hat than its bearer's head, I suppose...

Item → Toasted Villager Pants
Item → Toasty! It's unclear whether these pants were present during a dragon's attack, or their owner simply told a TON of lies...

Item → Toasted Villager Shoes
Item → Toasty! Talk about a hotfoot! For a very brief run, these must've felt like the worst case of athelete's foot in history!

Item → Toasted Face Smudges
Item → Toasty! Just gotten blitzed by a firedrake with nothing to show for it? Not true! These toasty smudges are proof that you've faced the flame... and survived!

Item → Dragon Knight's Helm
Item → Forged in a master blacksmith's furnace and stamped with runes of protection, a Dragon Knight's suit of armor is their last and best line of defense against the horrid flames and claws of their scaly foes! This helm is but one link of many in that chain of defense, a perfect way to keep your noggin safe! Also doubles as a really cool motorcycle helmet.

Item → Dragon Knight's Chestplate
Item → Forged in a master blacksmith's furnace and stamped with runes of protection, a Dragon Knight's suit of armor is their last and best line of defense against the horrid flames and claws of their scaly foes! This chestplate is but one link of many in that chain of defense, a perfect way to keep your body safe! And hey, it's got great resale value - even if a dragon burns you out of it, this armor will still be left behind for the next intrepid knight!

Item → Dragon Knight's Greaves
Item → Forged in a master blacksmith's furnace and stamped with runes of protection, a Dragon Knight's suit of armor is their last and best line of defense against the horrid flames and claws of their scaly foes! These greaves are but one link of many in that chain of defense, a perfect way to keep your legs safe! Trust me, when you're dealing with dragons, preserving your ability to run away is critical.

Item → Dragon Knight's Sabatons
Item → Forged in a master blacksmith's furnace and stamped with runes of protection, a Dragon Knight's suit of armor is their last and best line of defense against the horrid flames and claws of their scaly foes! These shoes are but one link of many in that chain of defense, a perfect way to keep your feet safe! Keep these in mind the next time you want to try walking on coals at a luau, too - I mean, who would do that in bare feet??

Item → Legendary Dragon Knight's Wings
Item → Bestowed upon only the bravest, most prestigious, most skilled Dragon Knights, these wings are so rare that in all the centuries since the first Dragon Knights arose, barely a handful have been awarded. Will you be the next to bear their illustrious might? To take to the skies and soar like the very dragons you hunt? If you possess these wings, there's little question you've proven your worth - and dedication.

Item → Dragon Knight's Spear
Item → Capable of subduing the mightiest drake! Of course, you need to actually GET the pointy tip of the spear TO the drake, but that's where all the Dragon Knight armor comes in handy!

Item → Dragon Throne
Item → Fit for a dragon king! Well, not an ACTUAL dragon - they're much too large - but for a ruler who's really into dragon theming, it's perfect!

Item → Dragon Mirror
Item → Reflects your draconic side! The great serpent of fate accents this polished glass - the perfect accessory for a creepy old fortune-teller's shop, or perhaps a Dragon Knight's trophy room!

Item → Dragon Lamp
Item → The only safe way to light up a room with a dragon (all other ways seem to involve fire - lots and lots and lots and lots of fire)!

Item → Dragon Turtle
Item → This is a 1 lb. Dragon Turtle. A snapping beast of the crushing deep! It's said that the oldest dragon turtles can grow so large, whole islands can grow on their backs!

Item → Dragon Turtle Charm
Item → A snapping beast of the crushing deep! It's said that the oldest dragon turtles can grow so large, whole islands can grow on their backs! Fortunately, this one's still small and feisty, and seems happy to follow you on your adventures!

Item → Super-Dragon Mask
Item → Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It's... SUPER DRA- AIIEEE! RUN! THERE'S FIRE EVERYWHERE!

Item → Ghost Dragon Charm
Item → A dragon pulled from the Other Side! Top Dragonologists have been debating whether this creature is actually the ghost of a single dragon or a conjoined ectoplasmic hive composed of many smaller ghosts working together, but all of them can agree that it keeps eating anyone who asks about it, so it's best not to worry.

Item → Gourmet Dragon Claw
Item → A dragon who appreciates the finer things in life - as long as you can eat them.

Item → Emergency Dragon Claw
Item → Not all dragons are here to stomp and burn! Sure, this dragon still causes emergencies, but it also helps to patch people up afterward!

Item → Jormungandr
Item → A spiraling serpent of the fathomless deep, this colossal beast once circled all of Midgard with coils the size of warships! Now it's taking a break from causing maelstroms to join you in your adventures!

Item → Prehistoric Dragon Claw
Item → A dragon from a bygone time, what it lacks in modern refinements it more than makes up for in ancient biting power and unintelligible grunts!

Item → Star Dragon Claw
Item → A living constellation, this beautiful dragon was born in the heart of a brilliant nebula. It's come down to your world to explore, and it's very happy to have you as its guide!

Item → Chaos Dragon
Item → Don't look at it. Don't think about it. Don't. Even. Move. This... THING isn't a dragon. I don't know what it is - only that it's deadly dangerous and forged from the void itself. Beware, dear Growtopian, because I think it's noticed you...

Item → Stone Egg
Item → Unyielding, solid stone, and yet... you think you can hear the faintest pulse of a heartbeat from within!

Item → Hatching Stone Egg
Item → It's... it's hatching! There's something inside this egg, and it's coming out soon! Ooh, what could it be??

Item → Ghost Egg
Item → A dragon egg, touched by the essence of the Other Side!

Item → Hatching Ghost Egg
Item → It's... it's hatching! There's something inside this egg, and it's coming out soon! Ooh, what could it be??

Item → Water Egg
Item → A dragon egg, touched by the spirit of the stormy seas!

Item → Hatching Water Egg
Item → It's... it's hatching! There's something inside this egg, and it's coming out soon! Ooh, what could it be??

Item → Void Egg
Item → A dragon egg, touched by the blackness from between the stars!

Item → Hatching Void Egg
Item → It's... it's hatching! There's something inside this egg, and it's coming out soon! Ooh, what could it be??

Item → Dragon Soul
Item → The mystic strength of the smallest of dragons is too much for even the afterlife to handle! This bit of spirited flotsam has been left behind to flit mindlessly through our world. Perhaps you could give it purpose...?

Item → null_item7782
Item → null_item7784
Item → Mentorship Certificate
Item → Help your friends (and kind newbies) discover the worlds and wonders of Growtopia! This certificate allows its bearer to access the Mentor System, add new apprentices, and get rewards for their accomplishments! Note that while an apprentice can only have one mentor, a mentor can have many apprentices!

Item → Apprentice Ticket - Level 1
Item → A sign of your progress as an apprentice! Keep going for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Apprentice Ticket - Level 5
Item → A sign of your progress as an apprentice! Keep going for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Apprentice Ticket - Level 10
Item → A sign of your progress as an apprentice! Keep going for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Apprentice Ticket - Level 20
Item → A sign of your progress as an apprentice! Keep going for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Apprentice Ticket - Level 30
Item → A sign of your progress as an apprentice! Incredible work! This is the highest ticket you can get (so far)!

Item → Mentor Ticket - Level 1
Item → One of your apprentices has progressed nicely, and here's the proof! Keep helping them out for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Mentor Ticket - Level 5
Item → One of your apprentices has progressed nicely, and here's the proof! Keep helping them out for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Mentor Ticket - Level 10
Item → One of your apprentices has progressed nicely, and here's the proof! Keep helping them out for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Mentor Ticket - Level 20
Item → One of your apprentices has progressed nicely, and here's the proof! Keep helping them out for bigger and better rewards!

Item → Mentor Ticket - Level 30
Item → One of your apprentices has progressed nicely, and here's the proof! Wow, they've reached the maximum possible ticket level (so far)! This calls for a celebration for both of you!

Item → Heartcastle Stone
Item → Mortared with love and affection, these stones aren't just a monument to nobility - they're also the building blocks of romance!

Item → Heartcastle Stone Background
Item → These stones practically radiate adoration! As much as they love you, you'll love the way they look even more!

Item → Heartcastle Gate
Item → While the ways to a Growtopian's heart are nearly as varied as the things they can accomplish, this portal is just about as clear and direct as you can get! Romance lies beyond!

Item → Heartcastle Turret
Item → Stamped with hearts and forged with everlasting care, these turrets will form the top of the loveliest castle yet!

Item → Heartcastle Column
Item → Emotional support is often harder to come by than physical, but this column tries to accomplish both! It'll lift your spirits even as it lifts your buildings!

Item → Heartking's Crown
Item → Love rules, and who better to embody that than the grandest nobility in all the Heartlands: the King and Queen of Heart! This crown is part of the King's personal wardrobe, and his warmth and affection for his subjects practically spill from it!

Item → Heartking's Robes
Item → Love rules, and who better to embody that than the grandest nobility in all the Heartlands: the King and Queen of Hearts! These robes are part of the King's personal wardrobe, and his warmth and affection for his subjects practically spill from them!

Item → Heartqueen's Crown
Item → Love rules, and who better to embody that than the grandest nobility in all the Heartlands: the King and Queen of Hearts! This crown is part of the Queen's personal wardrobe, and her delight and care for her subjects practically explode from it!

Item → Heartqueen's Robes
Item → Love rules, and who better to embody that than the grandest nobility in all the Heartlands: the King and Queen of Hearts! These robes are part of the Queen's personal wardrobe, and her delight and care for her subjects practically explode from them!

Item → Heartstaff
Item → Taken from the personal armory of the King and Queen of Heart, this staff is capable of batting away all but the saddest thoughts and mending even the most melancholy of hearts!

Item → Golden Heartstaff
Item → Infused with the golden light of romance, this heartstaff has been enhanced beyond its already-impressive start as a weapon of the heart to become a shining example of the power of love! Careful, though - for love can sometimes hit far harder than any edge!

Item → Heartsword
Item → Taken from the personal armory of the King and Queen of Heart, this sword is capable of slicing through all but the saddest thoughts and bringing joy to even the most melancholy of hearts!

Item → Golden Heartsword
Item → Infused with the golden light of romance, this heartsword has been enhanced beyond its already-impressive start as a weapon of the heart to become a shining example of the power of love! Careful, though - for love can sometimes cut far deeper than any blade!

Item → Stained Glass Heartwings
Item → Shining, radiant, wondrous. These wings aren't powered by magic or science or anything so mundane - they're infused with purest love, capable of uplifting all who wear them into the skies! Touch the heavens and smile, for by wearing these beauties, you have proclaimed yourself a true champions of the heart!

Item → Morty the Gray Elephant
Item → Have you ever forgotten how amazing you look? How cool your style is? Well an elephant NEVER forgets, so take a tour in Morty's fashionable gray ears and remember your awesomeness for all time! Wait - what's that? Your friends don't think it's all that great? Well, maybe a HAIL OF PEANUTS will make them reconsider! GET 'EM, MORTY!

Item → Morty the Orange Elephant
Item → Have you ever forgotten how amazing you look? How cool your style is? Well an elephant NEVER forgets, so take a tour in Morty's fashionable orange ears and remember your awesomeness for all time! Wait - what's that? Your friends don't think it's all that great? Well, maybe a HAIL OF PEANUTS will make them reconsider! GET 'EM, MORTY!

Item → Morty the Pink Elephant
Item → Have you ever forgotten how amazing you look? How cool your style is? Well an elephant NEVER forgets, so take a tour in Morty's fashionable pink ears and remember your awesomeness for all time! Wait - what's that? Your friends don't think it's all that great? Well, maybe a HAIL OF PEANUTS will make them reconsider! GET 'EM, MORTY!

Item → Morty the Diamond Elephant
Item → Have you ever forgotten how amazing you look? How cool your style is? Well an elephant NEVER forgets, so take a tour in Morty's incredibly rare and glorious diamond ears and remember your awesomeness for all time! Wait - what's that? Your friends don't think it's all that great? Well, maybe a HAIL OF PEANUTS will make them reconsider! GET 'EM, MORTY!

Item → Spring Token
Item → Access to the wonders of the Spring Season! Collect these to unlock its many rewards!

Item → Manor House Sandstone
Item → Carefully shaped by a legion of butlers for maximum snootitude, these sandstones are the building blocks of elegance, grace, and really fancy manors.

Item → Manor House Sandstone Background
Item → What's behind those wealthy walls? Wealthy backgrounds, of course.

Item → Manor House Door
Item → A door this fancy surely opens onto a realm of opulence and grace! Or, like, a volcano. Hey, it's your door - you can put it wherever you want, really.

Item → Manor House Sandstone Steps
Item → Steps to greatness. Carefully crafted to be impossible to climb for those lacking the requisite degree of nobility!

Item → Manor House Red Striped Wallpaper
Item → For only the fanciest of manors (the red stripes are actually finely-crushed rubies)!

Item → Gilt Inlaid Ceiling
Item → Have you been using cheap, boring ceiling blocks? Well, the Court of Style finds you GILTY! The sentence: You must use these slick new inlaid tiles, instead!

Item → Baroque Iron Fence
Item → Keeps the riffraff out, but lets them look inside at all the cool things they're missing!

Item → Baroque Iron Gate
Item → The only problem with this gate is the constant repair bills, but you know what they say: If it ain't baroque, don't fix it!

Item → Candle Wall Sconce
Item → Practically guaranteed to reveal a hidden passage! If only you knew which way to turn it...

Item → Luxurious Wall Clock
Item → Taking the phrase "Time is money" quite literally, this clock makes time-telling a work of art!

Item → Topiary Hedge
Item → Almost certainly not going to come to life and attack you. Probably. Okay, it's like 50-50 at this point, but for a hedge this good-looking, it's worth the risk!

Item → Statue Pillar
Item → Holds up stuff and looks good doing it - now that's efficient!

Item → Sandstone Fireplace
Item → Intended for manor houses with dark secrets, this fireplace is perfect for staring into smoldering ashes and brooding.

Item → Garden Trellis Tunnel
Item → When you're rich, you shouldn't have to choose between tunnels or gardens, and with this block, you can finally have both!

Item → Hibiscus
Item → A lovely flower for any occasion - it even makes for a nice tea!

Item → Lavender
Item → Famously purple flowers, lavender not only looks beautiful just about anywhere, but it has a calming effect as well!

Item → Garden Planter
Item → Stop leaving your poor plants in the dirty ground! Use this planter to keep them nice and secure, instead!

Item → Armillary Sundial
Item → Shows your place in the heavens and tells the time! Studies show that the more cool-looking devices you have, the smarter and more successful you are, so you should probably load up on these.

Item → Baroque Fountain
Item → Finally, something to make water useful! Imagine this fountain sparkling in your manor's gardens on a hot summer day... Just don't dive in - it'd be gauche!

Item → Greenhouse
Item → Keep the chill of winter away from your plants and have a blooming garden all year 'round!

Item → Garden Bird House
Item → Miss the cheerful tweeting of birds amidst your many manicured hedges? This lovely birdhouse will bring them back, and chirpier than ever!

Item → Garden Bench
Item → Why build a beautiful garden if you're not going to take the time to enjoy it? Set this bench in the middle of all that loveliness and unwind!

Item → Garden Shears
Item → Keep those unruly hedges in check with a dainty snip-snip from these shears!

Item → Country Tweed Waistcoat & Tie
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes. With this fine waistcoat/tie combo, you'll be the last word in rural nobility!

Item → Country Tweed Open Jacket
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes. This jacket will make you seem anything but closed - after all, a friend in tweed is a friend indeed!

Item → Country Tweed Trousers
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes! These trousers are perfect for a stroll through your gardens or perhaps a vigorous game of croquet!

Item → Country Tweed Flat Cap
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes! This cap will keep the sun out of your eyes as you walk your manor's grounds and make you look extra-jaunty as you tip it to your neighbors!

Item → Country Tweed Jacket & Yellow Tie
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes! The touch of yellow in this jacket/tie combo would go marvelously with a spring festival - perhaps in your new manor's gardens?

Item → Country Riding Breeches
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes! These bonzer breeches will keep you on horseback long after lesser riders have gone home! Try on a pair today - there's nothing wrong with being comfortable AND fashionable, after all.

Item → Country Riding Hat
Item → Cor! Part of a smashing new line of country-inspired clothes! This fine hat doesn't make you a better rider, but it DOES make you a more dashing one, and honestly, isn't that what riding animals is all about?

Item → Guild Show Horse
Item → Bred and groomed for competition, this flawless horse will have the judges saying anything but 'neigh'!

Item → Guild Noble's Carriage
Item → Sure, carriages like this look amazing on the outside, but what their owners won't tell you is that the interior is tricked out with a full surround sound system, flatscreen TVs, the latest gaming consoles, and a well-organized selection of candy!

Item → Eagle Spirit
Item → You are one with your spirit animal! The awesome guidance of the Eagle Spirit has given you the gift of double jump! Now go forth and clasp some crags with crooked hands!

Item → War Hammers of Darkness
Item → Seething with dark powers and intended for even darker designs, these weapons are for only the most tortured, brooding souls. You'd better have a tragic backstory all lined up before you even THINK of touching one!

Item → Condor Wings
Item → Condors are some of the largest flying birds in the world, which makes these wings fit for only the biggest and baddest Growtopians! Will you take on the condor's mantle and soar, or are you more of a... chicken?

Item → Airplane Wings
Item → Zoom! You don't need a silly engine, propeller, or any of that other mechanical garbage - not when you have THESE wings! Take to the skies just like the airplanes of old! Note: You may need to drink one or two liters of oil per day to keep them properly flappy.

Item → Sturdy Crackfire Fighter
Item → Pkow! Pkow! Stake your claim on the skies and do battle with old-fashioned flair in this crackfire fighter! Just make sure you're home in time for tea and toast!

Item → Cardboard Sky Starter
Item → You don't need a roaring engine or a blazing gun to claim the skies - just a bit of cardboard and a strong imagination! This Sky Starter will get you going, but it's up to you to make it soar!

Item → Aviator Scarf
Item → There's no point in flying around heroically if you don't have a flappy scarf to keep yourself warm! Nobody trusts a shivering hero, after all.

Item → Aviator Jacket
Item → Keeps you warm as you dance with the clouds and comes with all kinds of cool patches to show off your many marvelous accomplishments!

Item → Aviator Glasses
Item → Carefully sculpted to shine with a heroic glint as you pilot your battered-but-victorious plane home from battle!

Item → Aviator Fighter Pilot Hat
Item → No self-respecting hero of the skies would go out without a dashing hat! Keep your perfectly-slicked hair and brilliant brain warm in even the chilliest clouds with this!

Item → Air Force Flight Suit
Item → Time to show everyone you've got the right stuff! Commandeer the fastest jets and set the most dangerous records in this super-sleek flight suit!

Item → Growmoji Shamrock
Item → Want to add some shamrock shenanigans in your chat? Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Spring Flinger Frog Mask
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Spring Flinger Style! This mask doesn't just give you the face of a swift and hoppy frog - it also gives you a new style that stays fresh on water AND land! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Spring Flinger Frog Mask
Item → Celebrate the season with the new ULTRA Spring Flinger Style! This mask doesn't just give you the face of an ULTRA swift and hoppy frog - it also gives you a new style that stays ULTRA fresh on water AND land! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Paintball Power Popper
Item → Got tons of paint on your hands but feeling tired of walking ALL THE WAY over to a wall, or friend, or inanimate object to cover them in it? Well, whine no more! This high-powered paintball popper will plaster your pals in premium paint without pause (phew)!

Item → Flaming Boxing Gloves
Item → These gloves aren't aflame with basic fire - they're alight with the burning heart of BATTLE! Furious ringside magic has been embedded in these gloves, wrapping them in an eternal halo of blazing punch-power! And no, they are very definitely NOT regulation...

Item → Up, Up, and Away Block
Item → Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It's... it's... you?

Item → Spring Flinger Frog Suit
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Spring Flinger Style! This suit doesn't just turn you into a swift and hoppy frog - it also turns you into an amphibiously cool one! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Spring Flinger Frog Suit
Item → Celebrate the season with the new ULTRA Spring Flinger Style! This suit doesn't just turn you into an ULTRA swift and hoppy frog - it also gives you a new style that stays ULTRA fresh on water AND land! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Forged Iron Skin
Item → A gift of the gods, shaped by magic and fused by cosmic heat, this skin makes for the perfect armor. You'll never tire, never fall, never take one step back! ...though you may have to deal with a spot of rust now and then.

Item → Ionic Pulse Cannon Tank
Item → The titanium treads, super-heavy armor, and GrowTech hyperfusion reactor alone would make this the most expensive tank in history, and that's before you add an Ionic Pulse Devastator 7777 turret on top! Truly a tank for the most powerful nations - or richest collectors - in all the realms!

Item → Slippery Flag Pole
Item → Skip the stairs and get to the ground floor in a flash with this super-slippery pole! A quick trick of firemen everywhere, now yours to use for more than just emergencies!

Item → Spring Chest
Item → SPRING CHEST, ICON ONLY! NO DESCRIPTION NECESSARY! IF YOU'RE READING THIS, THE POLICE HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED AND YOU'RE IN TROUBLE.

Item → Burnished Sword
Item → Shining with the help of GrowTech's extra-strength Sword Wax ("Wax on, slice off!"), this burnished blade is ready to chop your foes! Chosen by GusBhas, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for July, 2019!

Item → GrowCon Plaque
Item → If you close your eyes near this block, you can almost feel the warmth of camaraderie and good cheer from many fellow con-goers! A beautiful plaque for a beautiful person, this was specially made for those who attended a live GrowCon event!

Item → null_item7960
Item → null_item7962
Item → Spring Event Player Medal: Bronze
Item → Awarded for achieving THIRD PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Spring season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Spring Event Player Medal: Silver
Item → Awarded for achieving SECOND PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Spring season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Spring Event Player Medal: Gold
Item → Awarded for achieving FIRST PLACE in the Player Leaderboards during the Spring season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Spring Event Guild Medal: Bronze
Item → Awarded for achieving THIRD PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Spring season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Spring Event Guild Medal: Silver
Item → Awarded for achieving SECOND PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Spring season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Spring Event Guild Medal: Gold
Item → Awarded for achieving FIRST PLACE in the Guild Leaderboards during the Spring season. Show off your victory by placing this medal in your world, and congratulations!

Item → Kairos' Apollo
Item → In loving memory of Apollo. Kairos' loyal, loving companion. A special creature that will always be by her side and in her heart.

Item → Celtic Cross
Item → Great for marking interesting landmarks as you walk the highlands.

Item → Minilith Stone
Item → It might take a lot of miniliths, but pile them all together, and you can have your very own MEGALITH in your back yard!

Item → Faerie Lanterns
Item → Light the garden path with these magical faerie lights. Just between you and me, it's probably just bio-luminescent fungi at work, but... let's go with magic!

Item → Heather Bush
Item → A lucky highland bush, perfect for decorating pathways, gardens, or avant-garde hairstyles.

Item → Lucky Chair
Item → About as lucky as basic wooden chairs can get!

Item → Moss-Covered Stone
Item → While this stone may not be rollin', it sure has the moss laying heavy.

Item → Money Tree
Item → So apparently money DOES grow on trees. Only problem with this money is that it's actually pretty worthless around here...

Item → Four-Leaf Clover Checkpoint
Item → A hundred times luckier than a normal checkpoint! Unfortunately, normal checkpoints have zero natural luck, so mathematically this one is... uh... really nice-looking!

Item → Kelpie
Item → A shape-shifting water spirit, this creature normally hangs out in the lochs of Scotland, but it's decided to make an exception to adventure with you! Only found in Blarney 2 and 3.

Item → Bagpipes
Item → Ahh, the most calming and gentle of musical instruments. Just listen... *FREEOOOOOOOWWWWWWW HEORRRRRRNNNNNN EEEEEEEEEEEEE HOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!*

Item → Fairy
Item → A mighty magical sprite! You might think it's odd that it took over six years for an actual fairy to show up in Growtopia, but just remember, Fairy Wings were the VERY FIRST wing to be added to the game, and it took the Fairy Union a long time to get over it! Only found in Blarney 1 and 4.

Item → Lucky Broach
Item → Absolutely guaranteed to be maybe sorta kinda luckier than the average broach! ...possibly. A little. ... ... ...okay, not really.

Item → Money Gun
Item → Ka-ching! This doesn't just make it rain - it's an instant MONEY FLOOD! WOOHOO!

Item → Rollback Plaque V
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards yet again, the server burned to bits, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. February 2019.

Item → Hellfire Horns - Black
Item → Searing bright with the infernal black blaze of the Underworld, these horns are stronger than tempered growmantium, sharper than a honed growlecular sabre, and more stylish than even the greatest GrowTech tailors could imagine!

Item → Hellfire Horns - Blue
Item → Searing bright with the infernal blue blaze of the Underworld, these horns are stronger than tempered growmantium, sharper than a honed growlecular sabre, and more stylish than even the greatest GrowTech tailors could imagine!

Item → Hellfire Horns - Orange
Item → Searing bright with the infernal orange blaze of the Underworld, these horns are stronger than tempered growmantium, sharper than a honed growlecular sabre, and more stylish than even the greatest GrowTech tailors could imagine!

Item → Hellfire Horns - Ruby
Item → Searing bright with the infernal ruby blaze of the Underworld, these horns are stronger than tempered growmantium, sharper than a honed growlecular sabre, and more stylish than even the greatest GrowTech tailors could imagine!

Item → Spring Flinger Shoes
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Spring Flinger Style! These shoes won't just put a smile on your face and a spring in your step - they'll also give you a new style that works wonders in both boring boardrooms AND beautiful beaches! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → Ultra Spring Flinger Shoes
Item → Celebrate the season with the new ULTRA Spring Flinger Style! These shoes won't just put an ULTRA-happy smile on your face and an ULTRA-swift spring in your step - they'll also give you a new style that works wonders in both boring boardrooms AND beautiful beaches! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ultra way! Go on, I'll wait...

Item → S.P.I.D.E.R. Legs
Item → At last! The Speedy Palpating Incredibly Deadly Electronic Roamers are the perfect replacement for those pesky human legs everyone seems to have. Seriously, have you noticed how many people have those weak, totally non-metallic and uninteresting NORMAL legs? Why would you want something so... overdone? Use the S.P.I.D.E.R., and get going in wonderfully horrible style!

Item → Trickster
Item → A portable cannon, the Trickster will kill your enemies, and you too, so watch out! Wrench it to set the rate of fire! You can place as many Tricksters as you like, but only 10 blasts can exist at a time, so if you have a lot, most of them will just sit there.

Item → Junk Cannon
Item → No block stays awesome forever, even if you're firing it out of a recoilless GrowTech-certified gauss chamber with 1.21 growgajoules of force... which is why the Junk Cannon is leagues ahead of all other block-blasting battlegear! What CAN'T it fire? Where does it get all those blocks from? How can it never run out of ammunition? Sorry, the answers to those questions can only be provided if you have GrowTech Security Clearance Level Indigo or higher, but hey - you can still shoot the gun as much as you want! Woohoo!

Item → Purple Aura
Item → You are burning with magical, octarine energies!

Item → Green Aura
Item → You are burning with earthly, verdant energies!

Item → Growmoji Grin
Item → Want to add a big cheesy grin to your chat? Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → NekoRei's Fluffy Micio
Item → So twitchy!

Item → NekoRei's Fluffy Tail
Item → So swishy!

Item → WOTD Trophy 2019
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2019.

Item → Balloon Bunny
Item → Bunny bunny bunny balloon balloon balloon bunny balloon bunny balloon bunny bunny balloon balloon.

Item → Pet Egg
Item → This creature is so friendly, it hasn't even hatched and it already wants to be your friend!

Item → Big Goofy Teeth
Item → Do you ever feel like you can never show enough teeth? Well, toss these on and give yourself a grin that'll rival even the rarest rabbits!

Item → Claws of Barko
Item → Honed in lightless caves where only the most devious rabbits dare to hop, these claws are used for far deadlier things than digging cute bunny burrows!

Item → Bowler Bunny Hat
Item → Perfect for when you need to attend a very stylish event that happens to be hosted by rabbits.

Item → Drabbit's Foot
Item → Once upon a time, a dragon and a rabbit loved each other very much. Even the wisest sages aren't sure how this happened, and nobody likes to think about how it worked, but the wondrous drabbit was the result, and now with this talisman, a touch of its provider-enhancing wisdom can be yours!

Item → Easter Egg
Item → May or may not be full of chocolate. There's probably something good inside, though! Only time will tell...

Item → Hatching Easter Egg
Item → It's... it's hatching! There's something inside this egg, and it's coming out soon! Ooh, what could it be??

Item → Psychotic Bunny Mask
Item → Styled after Hannibun Lopter, the notorious psycho-rabbit!

Item → Riding Bunny
Item → Takes you to and fro with little hops and a lot of love! There's no cuter way to travel - just look at that cute bunny face and twitchy nose!

Item → Easter Egg Cannon
Item → Powered by a Fuel Pack on your back, this gun can launch free easter egg blocks at your fellow Growtopians! Don't waste shots at anything else, though, because they still burn fuel!

Item → Easter Island Head
Item → This isn't a REAL Moai - those are much bigger and weigh thousands of pounds - but rather a cunningly-painted and carved chunk of styrofoam. Looks pretty convincing, though!

Item → Flower Pinwheel
Item → Enjoy the whirling beauty of this spinny pinwheel.

Item → Easter Checkpoint
Item → You are risen! Hop back from the afterlife with the help of this seasonal checkpoint. Remember, if you die, you'll respawn at the last checkpoint you touched!

Item → Easter Egg - Growtopia
Item → Fired from the Easter Egg Cannon, this block celebrates the season and Growtopia, all in one go!

Item → Easter Egg - Ghost
Item → Fired from the Easter Egg Cannon, this block looks like it belongs on the Other Side!

Item → Easter Egg - Pineapple
Item → Fired from the Easter Egg Cannon, this block doesn't look like any egg you've ever heard of!

Item → Bunny Balloon Hat 1
Item → Wabbit!

Item → Bunny Balloon Hat 2
Item → Here, little Wabbit!

Item → Bunny Balloon Hat 3
Item → Hahaha, Wabbit!

Item → Keenan GT's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is Keenan GT's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Keenan GT's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Keenan GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Keenan GT's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Keenan GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Keenan GT's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Keenan GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Keenan GT's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Keenan GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Keenan GT's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from Keenan GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → VenomST's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is VenomST's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → VenomST's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from VenomST's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → VenomST's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from VenomST's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → VenomST's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from VenomST's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → VenomST's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from VenomST's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → VenomST's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from VenomST's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → LinkTrader GT's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is LinkTrader GT's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → LinkTrader GT's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from LinkTrader GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → LinkTrader GT's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from LinkTrader GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → LinkTrader GT's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from LinkTrader GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → LinkTrader GT's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from LinkTrader GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → LinkTrader GT's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from LinkTrader GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Tery's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is Tery's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Tery's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Tery's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Tery's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Tery's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Tery's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Tery's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Tery's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from Tery's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Tery's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from Tery's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → evets_gt's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is evets_gt's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → evets_gt's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from evets_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → evets_gt's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from evets_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → evets_gt's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from evets_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → evets_gt's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from evets_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → evets_gt's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from evets_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → BenBarrage's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is BenBarrage's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → BenBarrage's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from BenBarrage's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → BenBarrage's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from BenBarrage's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → BenBarrage's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from BenBarrage's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → BenBarrage's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from BenBarrage's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → BenBarrage's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from BenBarrage's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → MrSongo GT's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is MrSongo GT's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → MrSongo GT's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from MrSongo GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → MrSongo GT's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from MrSongo GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → MrSongo GT's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from MrSongo GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → MrSongo GT's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from MrSongo GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → MrSongo GT's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from MrSongo GT's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → OldGertie's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is OldGertie's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → OldGertie's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from OldGertie's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → OldGertie's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from OldGertie's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → OldGertie's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from OldGertie's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → OldGertie's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from OldGertie's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → OldGertie's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from OldGertie's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → macproof_gt's Awesome Item-O-Matic
Item → An amazing item producing machine for an amazing pillar of the Growtopia community! This is macproof_gt's personal machine, and a true one-of-a-kind find! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Awesome Item-O-Matic will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → macproof_gt's Red Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from macproof_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → macproof_gt's Green Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from macproof_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → macproof_gt's Blue Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from macproof_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → macproof_gt's Yellow Block
Item → Blocks are available in a stunning array of colors! This is from macproof_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → macproof_gt's Ruby Block
Item → Considering the size, this is the most valuable ruby in existence. But it's only a video game. This is from macproof_gt's personal Awesome Item-O-Matic.

Item → Mah-Kah-Ron Hat
Item → The subscriber item for March 2019, chosen by EloraFaline! So good-looking, you'd swear it's a deliciously crispy treat instead of a lovely hat - but don't eat it, because then you wouldn't have a hat, and you'd also have eaten a bunch of fabric, which would probably be bad.

Item → 30-Day Premium Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for thirty full days of special treatment! You'll get 70 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), and 4000 gems every day and a chance of doubling any XP earned, growtime reduction on all seeds planted and Exclusive Skins!

Item → 1-Year Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for a full YEAR of special treatment! You'll get 70 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), 8000 gems and 1 World Lock every day and a chance of doubling any XP earned, growtime reduction on all seeds planted and Exclusive Skins!

Item → Holy Jeans
Item → Jam-packed with so much holy might, they're, uh... wait, are these just jeans with lots of holes in them? But... how'd they get so dang POWERFUL, then?

Item → Buddy's Block Head
Item → The nicest block around - it's not just your friend... it's your buddy! Equip it and watch your hoard grow... Gives you a chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks!

Item → Glowy Cape
Item → Bringing light to even the darkest places and dimmest worlds, this cape will surround its bearer with an astonishingly pure light!

Item → Building Blocks Machine
Item → Eager to add some new building materials to your construction stockpile? Tired of collecting them from random worlds and weirdos? Well, pop this beauty in your world and it'll start cranking out awesome blocks in no time! Careful, though - blocks don't just come from nothing, and this machine will eventually run out of power once it makes a bunch! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Building Blocks Machine will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Building Blocks Machine
Item → This mighty machine has run out of fuel, and now lies dormant.

Item → Creepy Baby Block
Item → Uh, so this is a block now. A... terrifying block. Whoever suggested this, I hope my nightmares were worth it.

Item → Digital Dirt
Item → The most classic block of all, only this time it's made out of hard light and trillions of lines of code! Whoa.

Item → Granite Column
Item → Stately and strong, this column can be the cornerstone of an empire!

Item → Clouds Wallpaper
Item → Who can be bothered to go OUTSIDE to look at clouds these days? Put up a few walls of these perfect clouds and enjoy them from the comfort of your own home!

Item → Skull Wallpaper
Item → Metal. Show your friends and family it's not just a phase with the help of this highly spooky skull pattern!

Item → Dinosaur Wallpaper
Item → Rar! Stay in the past with this prehistoric paper! If you close your eyes, you can almost hear their roars!

Item → Lava Falls
Item → The only thing more dangerous than a pool of molten rock is a falling column of it! Watch out for splashes!

Item → Clouds Background
Item → Behind every fluffy, beautiful cloud is... another fluffy, beautiful cloud! I mean, what else were you expecting? Weasels?

Item → Dark Walnut Block
Item → Smells like mustaches, flannel, and fine watches.

Item → Dark Walnut Wall
Item → If you need an interior that reminds you of classic, manly styles and rough-edged elegance, set this background up and get ready for the perfect setting to relax in your favorite overstuffed armchair.

Item → Dark Walnut Ladders
Item → A normal ladder will get you to the same place, sure, but it certainly won't do it with such well-crafted - and extra-safe - rungs. Every handhold will feel like shaking hands with a grizzled craftsman!

Item → Rickety Ladders
Item → Uh, mind your step on these - these splintery, timeworn rungs don't look like they'll hold much weight!

Item → Growmoji Smile Block
Item → Tired of Growmojis only showing up in chat? Well, now you can use this to add a smile to your world!

Item → Growmoji Wow Block
Item → Tired of Growmojis only showing up in chat? Well, now you can use this to add some 'wow' to your world!

Item → Dark Aqua Wallpaper
Item → The color of deep ocean waters! Kinda creepy, like you're stuck inside an aquatic tank with no lights on...

Item → Dark Yellow Wallpaper
Item → The color of fading beauty! Kinda creepy, like you're in the middle of a decaying field of flowers!

Item → Dark Purple Wallpaper
Item → The color of a crumbling empire! Kinda creepy, like you're traveling through a transdimensional vortex!

Item → Dark Orange Wallpaper
Item → The color of a forgotten dream! Kinda creepy, like you're trapped inside a rotten orange!

Item → Dark Brown Wallpaper
Item → The color of old decay! Kinda creepy, like you're stuck down a toilet!

Item → Dark Grey Wallpaper
Item → The color of winter skies! Kinda creepy, like you're inside the worst prison ever!

Item → Water Dispenser
Item → Refreshing! Say, what do you call a water dispenser in a desert? ... ... A thirst-aid kit!

Item → Waiting Room Chair
Item → Extremely comfy, which is good, because you're going to be waiting here a while!

Item → Ceiling Fan
Item → Dusty with age and kind of creaky, but it still spins after all these years! That's one tough fan!

Item → Starship Security Camera
Item → Keep track of invading aliens and lazy crewmembers with this state-of-the-art camera! This device will watch your world and keep a record of everybody who enters! You may have up to 8 of these in a world.

Item → Starship Mess Hall Table
Item → The perfect place to eat space food! Try the kanzlok - I hear it's delicious.

Item → Starship Mess Hall Stool
Item → The perfect place to sit as you enjoy a nice space lunch with your space friends! Location: Probably in space!

Item → Sea Urchin
Item → Aquatic pointiness of the deep-sea variety.

Item → Copper Block
Item → Highly conductive, and quite precious - don't leave this laying around at a construction site!

Item → Sea Lantern
Item → Cutting through the murky depths with a fragile glow! This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine...

Item → Bubble Block
Item → Someone managed to get these bubbles to stay in place, which is a neat trick. Very delicate, yet also oddly satisfying to pop!

Item → Manhole Cover
Item → Keep dangerous tunnels into the underdark sealed shut with this mega-heavy manhole cover! There won't be any pedestrians falling in on its watch!

Item → Dark Castle Stone
Item → A bleak stone for a dark lord, this carefully-hewn block is designed to keep heroes from climbing up and foiling your villainous plans!

Item → Dark Castle Stone Background
Item → Behind the walls of every impregnable stronghold lie... more stones!

Item → Dark Castle Door
Item → Abandon hope, all ye who enter here! The Dark Lord is IN!

Item → Dark Castle Turret
Item → The perfect place to send down hails of arrows on unsuspecting heroes!

Item → Red Stuff
Item → Now stuff comes in red too! What stuff could it be?

Item → White Stuff
Item → Now stuff comes in white too! This is some pure stuff!

Item → Black Stuff
Item → Now stuff comes in black too! It is nothingness!

Item → Heavy Chains
Item → Perfect for heavy industry! Or, like, tying up giant wolves. It's your chain.

Item → Doggy Block
Item → Having a ruff day? This block will be sure to brighten it!

Item → Kitty Block
Item → Feeling traumeowtized? This block will be sure to brighten your day!

Item → Dumb Billboard
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Thingamabob
Item → I have no idea what this thing does. It's something electronic? Maybe?

Item → Da Vinci Wings
Item → Da Vinci actually thought he could fly with these. He was totally wrong - they only let you double jump and glide.

Item → Genie's Lamp - Green
Item → Who needs wishes when you can GRANT them? This lamp will transform you into a glorious green genie of magic and mirth. Phenomenal cosmic power awaits!

Item → Genie's Lamp - Yellow
Item → Who needs wishes when you can GRANT them? This lamp will transform you into a youthful yellow genie of magic and mirth. Phenomenal cosmic power awaits!

Item → Genie's Lamp - Red
Item → Who needs wishes when you can GRANT them? This lamp will transform you into a resplendent red genie of magic and mirth. Phenomenal cosmic power awaits!

Item → Genie's Lamp - Blue
Item → Who needs wishes when you can GRANT them? This lamp will transform you into a brilliant blue genie of magic and mirth. Phenomenal cosmic power awaits!

Item → Spring Flinger Squirrel Mask
Item → Celebrate the season with the new Spring Flinger Style! This mask doesn't just give you the face of a cheeky squirrel - it also helps you stay twitchy on land AND tree alike! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both! Go on, I'll wait...!

Item → Ultra Spring Flinger Squirrel Suit
Item → Celebrate the season with the new ULTRA Spring Flinger Style! This suit doesn't just turn you into an ULTRA cheeky squirrel - it also gives you a new style that stays ULTRA twitchy on land AND tree alike! Try to find another piece of clothing that can do both, and in such an ULTRA way! Go on, I'll wait...!

Item → Mud Puddle
Item → Ugh, what a mess of a mudhole! Try not to get stuck here - it'll be slow going with all this thick, gloppy mud!

Item → Steampunk Wings
Item → Clattering gears and finely-tuned cogs whir and whiz as you don these brass and copper beauties! Thanks to the meticulous magic of steam and jewel precision of luxury mechanists, these wings are at home in the soot-streaked skies of any steampunk world!

Item → Magic Magnet
Item → Tired of wading through clouds of items and loading up your inventory with random junk when all you want is a single thing? Just tune this magnet to the proper frequencies and it'll nab exactly what you're missing as you move past!

Item → Legendary Comet Hair
Item → The Night of the Comet is alive... in your HAIR! Roiling with color, every follicle of this otherworldly hair was chipped out of the cosmos, flowing and bubbling with all the energy of the great beyond!

Item → Reg4shi's Archangel Wings
Item → He has intervened for the sake of Growtopians time and again, for he sees the potential for heroism, creativity and selflessness in each of us. He has even sacrificed his weekends to fight on our behalf. For that alone, we always have and always will believe in him.

Item → Coati Scarf
Item → This little South American raccoon is full of mischief and curiosity, but right now, he needs a soft place to snuzzle up! Will you let him hop onto your shoulders and share some adorable warmth?

Item → Fiesta Coati Scarf
Item → This little guy knows how to party! Full of spicy style and fearsome curiosity, there's nothing more rambunctious than a coati out on the town - and around your neck!

Item → Riding Llama
Item → Careful! They may look fluffy and weird, but these guys spit. And bite. And talk about you behind your back. Llamas, right?

Item → Pueblock
Item → Este es un bloque de construccion muy tradicional!

Item → Pueblock Window
Item → Este es un bloque de ventana muy tradicional!

Item → Pueblock Door
Item → Este es un bloque de puerta muy tradicional!

Item → Pueblock Wallpaper
Item → Este es un fondo de pantalla muy tradicional!

Item → Colored Corn
Item → Little-known fact about colored corn: It tastes nearly exactly like regular corn.

Item → Saguaro Cactus
Item → A hardy cactus, these spiky boys can live over a hundred years and grow as tall as you can build them!

Item → Scarfy-Scarf
Item → Whether you're rocketing down city streets on an apocalyptic adventure or simply trying to keep warm while looking good, this scarf won't let you down! Chosen by TraxyGT, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for April, 2019!

Item → Wriggling Maggots
Item → Maggots are an important part of our ecosystem, helping to break down dead matter and recyle it for... oh, you want me to LOOK at them? No way! I'm out of here!

Item → Bed Bugs
Item → Chittering, biting, and seemingly-indestructible, these creepy-crawlies prove that some nightmares are real.

Item → Worm
Item → Part of a gigantic worm! How big can you grow it?

Item → Brain Block
Item → Think you're smart? Just a single Brain Block has more thinkin' power than TEN normal Growtopians... and that's before you start adding more to it!

Item → Insect Glue Wallpaper
Item → The only problem with laying down a sticky trap to catch bugs is that you wind up with a writhing wall of gross bugs. Ew.

Item → Hairy Arm
Item → Ever wanted someone to give you a hand? How about a BIG one?

Item → Hairy Leg
Item → Ever wanted a leg up on the competition? How about a BIG one?

Item → Pillar of the Dead
Item → Y'know, as interior design choices go, there's something organic and wholesome about skulls - I mean, they were just going to waste away in the ground, weren't they? Now they can brighten up your solarium! Or, like, a Bastion of Eternal Evil. Either works.

Item → Googly-Woogly Glooberhellifreakilisticexpialigrossness Fleshy Eyed Wall
Item → It's hard to tell if this is a wall of flesh with eyes on it, or a wall of eyes with flesh on it, but either way, it's horrifying!

Item → Googly-Woogly Glooberhellifreakilisticexpialigrossness Fleshy Eye
Item → When a normal eye just won't do, take the freak factor to the next, most googly-woogly power possible with these putrid peepers! Just be careful - they aren't your friends!

Item → Googly-Woogly Glooberhellifreakilisticexpialigrossness Fleshy Teeth
Item → When normal teeth just aren't terrifying enough, take the freak factor to the next, most googly-woogly power possible with these brutal biters! Just be careful - they aren't your friends!

Item → Hairy Legs
Item → Who needs pants when you have all-natural heating for your legs?

Item → Eyes on Stalks
Item → Alien eyes for your alien face, with alien lasers to destroy the human race!

Item → Riding Poop
Item → Yes, it's real, and it moves just as quickly as you do after one too many fast food meals!

Item → The Beast with a Thousand Eyes Mask
Item → Keep your eye on the prize - literally every prize - with this horrific headful of staring alien eyeballs!

Item → Puggly
Item → This dogbomination eats everything when your back is turned, and then horks it right back up when it has your attention! How cute! Wait, did I say cute? I meant BLEARGHGHGHGH!

Item → The Fly
Item → A buzzing beast, engorged by science and merged with your poor head! How will you ever date again?

Item → Horrid Snotty Face
Item → Just dripping with happiness, this is truly a face only a mother could love!

Item → Extra Undead Arms
Item → Since when was two arms enough for you to get anything done? Let's stack on a few more and get this party started!

Item → Riding 'roach
Item → Just a friendly cockroach you decided to befriend instead of squish! It'll take you wherever you like, provided there's some delicious rotting food for it to snack on along the way!

Item → Undead Slippers
Item → Technically, all your shoes are dead. These just happen to be particularly obvious about it.

Item → Giant Eye Head
Item → Give your friends an eyeful with this baleful, beady-eyed orb! As an added bonus, you can probably win every last staring contest now!

Item → Bob The Gross Blob
Item → Not to be confused with Bob the Handsome Blob!

Item → Fatberg Block
Item → Congealed oil, grease, hair, and other squishy unmentionables, pulled out of the nearest sewer and plonked right into your hands! Don't say we never gave you anything!

Item → Flaming Pepper Gross Bean
Item → A freakishly spicy snack!

Item → Rotten Egg Gross Bean
Item → A sulfurous eggy snack!

Item → Dirt Gross Bean
Item → A gruesomely grainy snack!

Item → Booger Gross Bean
Item → A disgustingly salty snack!

Item → Barf Gross Bean
Item → A nauseatingly sweet snack!

Item → Disgusting Mess Block
Item → If creating horrible piles of wretched misery was an art form, this would be a five-star effort! Unfortunately, it's not, which just makes this an abomination.

Item → Strawberry Slime Block
Item → Yuck, this compressed pink stuff is slippery and gross! Smells faintly of strawberries, though. Well... rotten strawberries.

Item → Rotting Sea Goo
Item → Ugh! A Mutant Mixer with the taste of salted stink and deepsea death.

Item → Space Poop
Item → Ugh! A Mutant Mixer with the taste of antigravity vomit and interstellar waste cyclers.

Item → Burnt Slime
Item → Ugh! A Mutant Mixer with the taste of uncleaned fryers and festering grease traps.

Item → Putrid Gas
Item → Ugh! A Mutant Mixer with the taste of medical mishaps and hospital dumpsters.

Item → Festering Urchin & Poop Pie
Item → Gah! A stale crust is the least of your worries. Take a bite of this and you'll simultaneously wish you were drowning in an undersea cave AND suffocating in hard vacuum.

Item → Putrid Gas Filled Blood Maggot Crepes
Item → Gah! Rubbery eggs are the least of your worries. Farty fumes welcome you to a bite that's equal parts old blood and bloated maggots.

Item → Alien Bloodied Brains Strudel
Item → Gah! Old dough is the least of your worries. Writhing alien brains scream as you bite into them, sending out jets of gray blood.

Item → Rotting Fish Guts Club Sandwich
Item → Gah! Expired mayonnaise is the least of your worries. Fetid fish guts flop out between your fingers as you hold this horrific sandwich.

Item → Festering Fish Guts Taco
Item → Why. It's like you took all that's awful about fish guts - everything - and then jammed them into a taco to add a little crunch to the squish.

Item → Alien Brains Strudel
Item → Why. This strudel is writhing with half-baked alien brains! They're trying to escape!

Item → Maggot-Slathered Fish & Sticks
Item → Why. Because undercooked fish and moldy breading isn't awful enough, you've managed to top it with a slithering slurry of fresh maggots.

Item → Blood Filled Crepes
Item → Why. These things are practically heaving with decomposing gas, ready to pop in a fountain of dirty blood the second you bite down!

Item → Growmoji Ill
Item → Want to add some ill emotions to your chat? Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Webbed Hand
Item → A webbed hand for Fish-Squished!

Item → Blob of Goop
Item → A blob of goop for Spaced-Faced!

Item → Inflamed Nose
Item → Don't get too excited by the name - this nose doesn't shoot fire, unfortunately. It's just the sign of a sick Growtopian!

Item → Dirt Grass Hair
Item → Wow, your hair looks like the grass on top of dirt!

Item → Easter Crate
Item → Smash it for Easter treats!

Item → null_item8428
Item → null_item8430
Item → Galactic Destructor - Green
Item → Stolen from an Imperial shipment and bearing Galactic Danger Code THX1136, this super-weapon has but one purpose: Total destruction! A galactic menace in giga-green, this monster of a weapon will take all of your strength to lift, and all of your courage to fire.

Item → Galactic Destructor - Purple
Item → Stolen from an Imperial shipment and bearing Galactic Danger Code THX1136, this super-weapon has but one purpose: Total destruction! A galactic menace in pew-pew-purple, this monster of a weapon will take all of your strength to lift, and all of your courage to fire.

Item → Galactic Destructor - Red
Item → Stolen from an Imperial shipment and bearing Galactic Danger Code THX1136, this super-weapon has but one purpose: Total destruction! A galactic menace in red-alert-red, this monster of a weapon will take all of your strength to lift, and all of your courage to fire.

Item → Galactic Destructor - Blue
Item → Stolen from an Imperial shipment and bearing Galactic Danger Code THX1136, this super-weapon has but one purpose: Total destruction! A galactic menace in blaster-blue, this monster of a weapon will take all of your strength to lift, and all of your courage to fire.

Item → null_item8440
Item → Doctor's Blingin' Cross
Item → Gleaming gold to mark its bearer as the finest - and most stylish - doctor in all the worlds! It's said that those who wear the Cross of Bling will experience dramatically shorter lives, but they'll be full of adventure, right up to the end!

Item → Doctor's Blingin' Cap
Item → Gleaming gold to mark its bearer as the finest - and most stylish - doctor in all the worlds! The Cap of Bling is a treasured hallmark of doctorhood, as it protects patients from seeing your mussy bedhead and dandruff! They'll never know!

Item → Doctor's Blingin' Mask
Item → Gleaming gold to mark its bearer as the finest - and most stylish - doctor in all the worlds! Because doctors encounter all manner of diseases, it's imperative that they keep from infecting their patients. The Mask of Bling is said to reduce the chances of contagion by 110%! Nobody is sure how that's mathematically possible, but they won't question it, either!

Item → Doctor's Blingin' Top
Item → Gleaming gold to mark its bearer as the finest - and most stylish - doctor in all the worlds! The Top of Bling is specially-woven to protect its bearer from the slices and dices of errant scalpels and thrashing patients! You can never be too careful when battling the slow creep of entropy!

Item → Doctor's Blingin' Pants
Item → Gleaming gold to mark its bearer as the finest - and most stylish - doctor in all the worlds! Fun fact: At least 83% of all infections start from dirty knees! Wearing pants as well-made and sterile as these drops that rate down to NOTHING, which just goes to show that you can be professional and look amazing at the same time.

Item → Hands of the Void
Item → Deadly claws of chaos and rage, spun from the essence of haunted realms beyond the stars. Sometimes the void touches you, but with these, yours will be the touch of that strange darkness.

Item → Feet of the Void
Item → Dire darkness wraps your feet, turning every step into a footfall of doom. Flowers wither in your wake, small animals run screeching, and your shoes very definitely will not fit anymore.

Item → Gut Buster
Item → Looks terrifying, but this mess of guts is actually just the results of a stolen medical Train-E, some creative arts and crafts, and a whole lot of duct tape to stick it to your torso!

Item → Stitchlips
Item → Tired of all that talking? Take matters into your own hands and slap some stitches on those loquacious lips! You'll be silenced in seconds!

Item → Clockwork Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Clockwork Fish. A clanking, clattering fish of grumpy gears! Doesn't like much of anything, so this should be a real training challenge, but on the other hand, imagine the prestige of having trained a mecha-fish of your very own!

Item → Clockwork Fish Leash
Item → This well-oiled fish has decided its grumpy days are behind it - it's decided to follow you around in all its clankering, over-geared beauty!

Item → Clockwork Eyes
Item → Gear yourself up for success and stare down your rivals with these superb spinners! The only downside? They need a lot of oil to keep spinning!

Item → Mean Wolf Block
Item → This wolf is none too happy about being stuck as a block, and he's going to take out all his anger on anyone who gets close!

Item → Howly Hat
Item → Awooo! Tired or turning your head to the skies to howl at the moon on your own? Now this hat will do all your howling for you! Think of all the time you'll save!

Item → Ecto-Lock
Item → A superbly spooky lock that not only locks an entire world, but also attracts other ghosts to join the party!

Item → Steppin' Ghost
Item → Ghosts don't make for very reliable platforms, but thankfully it looks like this spirit is going to stick around!

Item → Cupcake Hat
Item → Show everyone your love of baked delights by topping yourself with a giant treat of your very own! Looks good enough to eat!

Item → Big Belly
Item → Looks like all that fine food has gotten the best of you! You should try to cut down on the caloric blocks and start punching more of them for exercise, but until then, this big 'ol belly is a sign of your sins.

Item → Punchy Fist
Item → Produced with concentrated punching power, this block will give everyone who touches it a swift hit into the skies!

Item → Gem Hair
Item → Hair spun from twinkling crystals and concentrated gems! Its worth? Incalculable. Its beauty? Inconceivable. Your look? Incredible.

Item → Chicken Feet
Item → Ba-kaw! You've been afflicted by the infectious chickenfoot virus! Fortunately, the only real symptoms are having sweet chicken feet and an occasional taste for bugs.

Item → Terrifying Toothface
Item → Yikes! This toothy maw has one too many chompers! Can you imagine the dentist bills? And all the toothpaste? Sheesh, this thing is scary in more ways than one!

Item → Loving Halo
Item → A sign of a truly gracious and adoring soul. This halo marks you with love and adoration, healing you quickly with the power of the heart! Aww!

Item → Chaos Corruption
Item → Racing lines of chaos have consumed your blood, filling you with fiendish energy. While the corruption feeds on your spirit, you'll be faster, but at what cost?

Item → Block o' Barf
Item → Cleanup in Aisle 3! Can someone get a mop?

Item → Wormtouch
Item → Wiggly worms are the best diggers, so it makes perfect sense that replacing your arms with GIANT WORMS would give you impressive digging skills. 100% perfect, unquestionable sense...

Item → Snakewolf
Item → Slithering with serpent speed, howling at the moon, and looking like a million world locks, this mythical snakewolf is your newest friend! Notes for care: Snakewolf likes rare steaks, lots of head scratches, and destroying your enemies.

Item → Ghostking's Glory
Item → All ghosts flock to the holder of the Ghostking's crown. Stolen from his empty throne on the Other Side, this spectral crown proclaims you the true ruler of all ghostkind! Unfortunately, that means you're about to make a lot of booful buddies! At least... until the Ghostking finds you...

Item → The Fattenator
Item → Dang, you are HUGE. With thickness like this, nobody's going to have much luck pushing YOU around.

Item → Med-A-Check
Item → Think you might have a malady on your hands? Use the advanced tech of the Med-A-Check to scan your patient! Only has enough power for one complete scan, but will tell you exactly what malady your patient has! Note: Will not be consumed if its target has no malady.

Item → Dummy Item for Surgical Maladies
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Legendary Clash Key - Series 2
Item → A key to a mysterious treasure! This key is for Clash Series 2, running from Summer Clash 2019 through Spring Clash 2020. After three seasons, those who collect at least 10 of these keys will be able to open a special treasure chest. Make sure you have enough - just one won't do it!

Item → Darkening Hood
Item → Shrouding its bearer in stylish shadows, this hood is the perfect way to stay awesomely anonymous! Chosen by Placental, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for May, 2019!

Item → Pineapple Checkpoint Totem
Item → Let the pineapples be your sweet salvation! Remember, if you die, you'll respawn at the last checkpoint you touched!

Item → Grumpy Pet Pineapple
Item → This tiny terror hates feeling like the runt of the pineapple litter. He'll follow you around, but don't make jokes about his size! He's very upset about... well... everything!

Item → Slippery Pineapple Squishers
Item → As everyone knows, pineapples are the fastest of the fruits. Now, thanks to advanced GrowTech Squishscience, we've managed to imbue the speedy juice of the pineapple into these hyper-advanced shoes. What? You say they're just hollowed-out pineapples? Don't be silly - if that were true, how could they make you move so quickly?

Item → Pineapple Skin Shirt
Item → A tough skin for a tough Growtopian, both hiding a sweet, wonderful interior!

Item → Howling Pineapple Crown
Item → YEAAAAAAAAAAAAH! This pineapple is down to terrorize the town! Perched on your head, it will scream its fruity head off at anyone who comes near! Why, you ask? What, do pineapples suddenly need REASONS to start yelling at people?

Item → Dangerous Pineapple Juice Backpack
Item → This backpack is filled with swirling, deadly dangerous juice from only the most malicious of pineapples! With such feisty energy, you could certainly power something huge... like a Harvester!

Item → Dangerous Pineapple
Item → An all-new, all-deadly pineapple! Careful how you eat these - many have tried to tame the Dangerous Pineapple, and nearly all have met with a truly tragic fate...

Item → Super Pineapple Party Crate
Item → The scent of pineapple is nearly overpowering! Smash this tasty crate for Super Pineapple Party goodies!

Item → Pinedelier
Item → Crystal pineapples filled with enchanted pinelights for the classiest possible pineapple experience!

Item → Looming Pineapple
Item → A demon-possessed pineapple, out for blood! Or maybe just hugs! Either way, its touch is deadly, so you'd better MOVE!

Item → Prickly Pineapple
Item → This pineapple cannot make it clearer: It does NOT like you, or your friends, or anyone really, and it will SPIKE the next person who doesn't get that concept.

Item → null_item8530
Item → null_item8532
Item → Vaccine Drop
Item → A piece of a true medical marvel, and perhaps your only hope of curing the deadliest of diseases! Collect enough of these precious drops and combine them into a final, super-effective form!

Item → UV Vaccine
Item → This wonder of modern medicine is the Universal Vicious Vaccine, and your only hope against the most dangerous of maladies! Hold onto this as you operate, and be careful, because it'll get used whether you're successful or not!

Item → Vile Vial - Chaos Infection
Item → Filled with the swirling essence of the Chaosbearer itself, this deadly vial will afflict ANYONE it touches with a Chaos Infection! (Except if they already have another malady, of course - these diseases are very polite in that regard)

Item → Vile Vial - Moldy Guts
Item → Filled with the grumbling grossness of internal ick, this deadly vial will afflict ANYONE it touches with Moldy Guts! (Except if they already have another malady, of course - these diseases are very polite in that regard)

Item → Vile Vial - Brainworms
Item → Filled with wriggly parasitic woe, this deadly vial will afflict ANYONE it touches with Brainworms! (Except if they already have another malady, of course - these diseases are very polite in that regard)

Item → Vile Vial - Lupus
Item → Filled with the howling madness at the heart of every Wolf World, this deadly vial will afflict ANYONE it touches with Lupus! (Except if they already have another malady, of course - these diseases are very polite in that regard)

Item → Vile Vial - Ecto-Bones
Item → Filled with the chilling despair of the Other Side, this deadly vial will afflict ANYONE it touches with Ecto-Bones! (Except if they already have another malady, of course - these diseases are very polite in that regard)

Item → Vile Vial - Fatty Liver
Item → Filled with the ultra-caloric output of only the most perfect cooking, this deadly vial will afflict ANYONE it touches with a Fatty Liver! (Except if they already have another malady, of course - these diseases are very polite in that regard)

Item → Doctor's Blingin' Booties
Item → Gleaming gold to mark its bearer as the finest - and most stylish - doctor in all the worlds! Set with nonslip treads of solid gold, these blingtastic booties will help you keep your footing in even the most slippery of surgical scenarios!

Item → Angel of Mercy's Wings
Item → You bear the wings of a true savior, a surgeon without peer who has saved countless lives in their pursuit of the greater good. All who can hear the beat of these magnificently medicinal wings will know that their salvation has arrived.

Item → Caduceaxe
Item → Capable of extracting pure medical might from blocks, this caduceaxe is your ticket to vaccination victory! There's a chance it may break on vaccine extraction, but hey - it also has a chance of getting you more than a few fragments!

Item → SurgWorld Blast
Item → Your gateway to a world of medical wonders! A SurgWorld is a place of care and healing, with all kinds of interesting blocks, top tips on how to treat people with surgery, and an increased chance of getting maladies while you work!

Item → Train-E
Item → A prototype variant of the Surg-E, the surgical scenarios (and prizes) you can encounter on Train-E are limited, but it's the perfect way to learn Surgery!

Item → Surgical Block
Item → Infused with medical goodness! Mmm, that's some healthy blocks!

Item → Surgical Background
Item → A medical wonderland awaits!

Item → Surgical Waste
Item → DANGER! No matter how healthy and medicinal this waste looks, it's STILL LAVA, which means DO NOT TOUCH!

Item → Aggregate Concrete
Item → Healthy rocks for a healthful world! I mean, don't EAT them or anything - they're just nice to have around.

Item → Rotten Pineapple Block
Item → The problem with pineapple is it gets mushy when left in the sun for too long.

Item → Sourloaf Pineapple Block
Item → All the goodness of a sugarloaf pineapple with a hint of sour tang, so many flavors exploding in your mouth.

Item → Dangerous Pineapple Block
Item → Pineapples are usually quite spikey, but this one has extra spikes added just in case.

Item → Dangerous Pineapple Fan Shirt
Item → Who doesn't pineapple GT even when it's dangerous to do so?

Item → Nightking's Cape - Dark Red
Item → To defend the streets of a dark city, you'll need more than wits and skill - criminals need a symbol to fear, a sign of justice and vengeance alike, and without a righteously red cape like this, even the most amazing hero can't look the part. That, and its spring-loaded fabrics provide double-jump, because there's no harm in being practical while building your image!

Item → Nightking's Cape - Dark Purple
Item → To defend the streets of a dark city, you'll need more than wits and skill - criminals need a symbol to fear, a sign of justice and vengeance alike, and without a powerfully purple cape like this, even the most amazing hero can't look the part. That, and its spring-loaded fabrics provide double-jump, because there's no harm in being practical while building your image!

Item → Nightking's Cape - Black
Item → To defend the streets of a dark city, you'll need more than wits and skill - criminals need a symbol to fear, a sign of justice and vengeance alike, and without a brooding black cape like this, even the most amazing hero can't look the part. That, and its spring-loaded fabrics provide double-jump, because there's no harm in being practical while building your image!

Item → Nightking's Cape - Midnight Blue
Item → To defend the streets of a dark city, you'll need more than wits and skill - criminals need a symbol to fear, a sign of justice and vengeance alike, and without a beautifully blue cape like this, even the most amazing hero can't look the part. That, and its spring-loaded fabrics provide double-jump, because there's no harm in being practical while building your image!

Item → Executioner's Axe
Item → Finely honed for the perfect chop! Its blade might not go snicker-snack, but all the same, heads will roll! Chosen by rsrssh, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for June, 2019!

Item → EzCookOven's Robotic Tentacles
Item → Robotic allies to launch you to and fro! These high-tech tentacles were first developed to handle hazardous GrowTech waste, but their engineers discovered it was WAY more fun to use them to jump around instead (they can also play a mean game of chess, but most owners are too busy jumping to try)! Sponsored by EzCookOven for completing all epic quests!

Item → Phoenix Hair
Item → Infused with the powers of the Emperor Phoenix, this staggeringly rare hair will astonish all who view it as it takes you to the skies! There are many beautiful hairs in the worlds of Growtopia, but none are quite so impressively enflamed!

Item → Pet Toucan
Item → Caw! This adorable avian ally likes tropical fruits, crunchy nuts, and keeping its beautiful beak sharp!

Item → Polo Shirt - Blue
Item → It's summer time, so toss on a shirt that helps you beat the heat while looking neat and fit! Now in burning sky blue!

Item → Polo Shirt - Pink
Item → It's summer time, so toss on a shirt that helps you beat the heat while looking neat and fit! Now in poppin' iced drink pink!

Item → Aloha Floral Shirt
Item → A Hawaiian style shirt straight out of the tropics to keep you cool and fantastically floral!

Item → Aloha Floral Blouse
Item → A Hawaiian style blouse designed with a tropical touch to keep you cool and fantastically floral!

Item → Chinos - Pastel Orange
Item → Summery pants that let you hit the streets with a breezy step and a touch of low-key class! Now in outrageous vacation orange!

Item → Chinos - Pastel Blue
Item → Summery pants that let you hit the streets with a breezy step and a touch of low-key class! Now in beautiful sunshine blue!

Item → Crab Claw & Shield
Item → Somewhere, there's a very sad, very unarmed crab out there. Don't feel bad, though - these were better off in your hands.

Item → Dungeonist Crab Leash
Item → Once a many-limbed delver of dungeons, now a happy follower for you! Just... don't tell him how tasty he looks, okay? It makes him crabby.

Item → Riding Flamingo
Item → This pink pal got tired of standing around and decided to leg it over to you! Fancy a flamingotastic ride?

Item → Straw Fedora
Item → When you know you can rock a fedora like nobody's business but really want to hit the beach, it's time to embrace the ways of the straw hats!

Item → Floppy Straw Sun Hat
Item → Too much sun eating away at your beachtime fun? Flop on a hat like this and you'll not only be cool and shady, but look good doing it!

Item → Pet Turtle
Item → Are you turtley enough to join the Turtle Club? Maybe not, but with this guy at your side, they'll probably let you in anyway. It's all about who you know!

Item → Shark Suit
Item → Ace any job interview in seconds with this swimmingly sharp ensemble! If I were hiring, I know I'd appreciate any candidates to come dressed in their sharky best!

Item → Shark Head
Item → This piece of clothing really bites! But, like, in a good way. It's complicated. But also a shark, which is the more important part, really.

Item → Munnin's Unity Wings
Item → A raven's resplendent wings for a resplendently regal individual! The skies are yours, wise one.

Item → Bountiful Flowering Lattice
Item → Delicate flowers climb this lovely lattice, making it the perfect addition to any garden!

Item → Bountiful Flowering Lattice Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your lattices have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Flowering Lattice Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Climbing Hydrangea Lattice
Item → These big poofs of flowers will brighten any room!

Item → Bountiful Climbing Hydrangea Lattice Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your hydrangeas have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Climbing Hydrangea Lattice Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Flowering Garland
Item → Chains of flowers to celebrate the day! You don't even need to have a special event in mind to enjoy these beauties.

Item → Bountiful Flowering Garland Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your garlands have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Flowering Garland Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Lattice Fence
Item → Put up a fine fence and hope some enterprising plants will grow on it for that perfect "lived-in" garden look!

Item → Bountiful Lattice Fence Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your fences have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Lattice Fence Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple
Item → Coated in vines and creepers, these blocks come from a long-lost civilization! Where could they have gone? How could such talented engineers and artists disappear without a trace...?

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your jungle temples have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Background
Item → Behind every good temple is... a good temple background! Even overgrown by the unstoppable creep of nature, these walls carry a touch of ancient mystery...

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Background Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your temple backgrounds have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Background Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Door
Item → Coated in strange designs (and more than a few old plants), these doors once opened on strange altars and mystic ceremonies! What could have caused them to shut for good...?

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Door Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your temple doors have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Door Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Pillar
Item → A mighty pillar, seemingly none the worse for wear after centuries in the foreboding jungles of Growtopia!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Pillar Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your temple pillars have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Pillar Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Background
Item → Hollow bamboo stakes, carefully bound together, make for the perfect tropical backdrop!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Background Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your bamboo backgrounds have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Background Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Platform
Item → These platforms can take the weight of even the heftiest Growtopians! For a type of grass, bamboo is suprisingly strong, isn't it?

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Platform Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your bamboo platforms have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Platform Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Ladder
Item → It might be a little makeshift, but this ladder will help you reach new heights, all the same!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Ladder Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your bamboo ladders have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Ladder Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Spikes
Item → Ouch! These stakes prove that just because it's a plant, it doesn't mean it can't be sharpened and set up to stab ya!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Spikes Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your bamboo spikes have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Spikes Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful White Doll's Eyes
Item → Also known as white baneberry, this is a real plant! ...really creepy, too! I don't like how it always seems to be watching me...

Item → Bountiful White Doll's Eyes Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your white doll's eye flowers have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful White Doll's Eyes Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Monkshood
Item → Also known as wolfsbane (which sound waaaay cooler, come to think), these bright purple flowers look great, but they're quite poisonous, so don't start snacking!

Item → Bountiful Monkshood Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your monkshood flowers have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Monkshood Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Corpse Flower
Item → It's actually a very pretty flower, despite the name - it just smells bad. Like, REALLY bad.

Item → Bountiful Corpse Flower Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your corpse flowers have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Corpse Flower Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Bountiful Growtopian-Eating Looming Plant
Item → Tread lightly around these sleepy chompers! They're not as instantly deadly as the infamous Venus Guytrap, but they'll be just as happy to take a bite out of you if you stick around!

Item → Bountiful Growtopian-Eating Looming Plant Roots
Item → In the dark beneath our feet, great things grow. Your looming plants have given rise to these fine and thriving roots, and with enough time, attention, and care, their bounty will be yours! FIVE plantings should be enough for them to reach maturity!

Item → Bountiful Growtopian-Eating Looming Plant Mature Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Porcelain Doll's Head
Item → So pristine and perfect, it's practically an antique! For proper use, make sure to stockpile several hundred of these in identical rows and then leave them in your attic for guests to find years later. They'll love it.

Item → Bamboo Pipe
Item → Maybe not so fancy as those hoity-toity hardwoods, but bamboo has a kind of class all its own, wouldn't you say?

Item → Flower Headband
Item → Flowers brighten up more than just rooms - they also look great in your hair. YOUR hair, specifically, I mean. They look like garbage in everyone else's.

Item → Lattice Dress
Item → Think of how long the tireless seamstresses of GrowTech's fabric division had to spend sewing this dress! No wonder it looks so chic!

Item → Serpent Headdress
Item → Feeling envious of Medusa? Top yourself with this headdress and get at least a little closer to her hissy hair!

Item → Monk's Hood
Item → Pie Jesu Domine, dona eis requiem.

Item → Bamboo Armor
Item → You might think it's funny, seeing a warrior come at you in clattering bamboo plate, but you won't be laughing when you get whacked by a bamboo sword!

Item → Bamboo Sword
Item → Hollow, yet honed! Listen to the air howl as this blade whirls toward your foes!

Item → Temple Robes
Item → Look, if you're going keep attending temple in a frog outfit, nobody's going to want to sit next to you. At least wear these so you can look the part!

Item → Obsidian Axe
Item → Sure, obsidian is just volcanic glass, but cleave it just right, and you can get an edge that's sharper than any scalpel! Ouch!

Item → Bountiful Blast
Item → Enter a world of fertile soil, cheerful sunshine, and bountiful new trees! This blast is your ticket to a different kind of farming!

Item → Bountiful Flowering Lattice Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Climbing Hydrangea Lattice Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Flowering Garland Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Lattice Fence Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Background Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Door Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Jungle Temple Pillar Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Background Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Platform Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Ladder Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Bamboo Spikes Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful White Doll's Eyes Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Monkshood Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Corpse Flower Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Bountiful Growtopian-Eating Looming Plant Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Fertile Soil Block
Item → Packed with nutrients and warmed by a kind sun, this soil is the perfect place for roots to grow!

Item → Summer Clash Finale Ticket
Item → Beware! Using this ticket will send you off to a world of great dangers and riches! When you are there, you will have only 25 MINUTES before the power of this ticket diminishes and you are returned to the real world. Can you conquer the chaos of Summer Clash in time?

Item → Finale Claim 1
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 2
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 3
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 4
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 5
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 6
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 7
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 8
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Finale Claim 9
Item → Players that touch this get a clash prize, and get kicked out of the finale world.

Item → Mutated Virus
Item → Growtopia's seen many viruses, but never one so monstrously mutable! Watch out!

Item → Mutated Bones
Item → What, you thought mutants had normal bones?

Item → Neon Green Mutation Layer
Item → When something glows green, bubbles, and smells like burnt bowling balls, that usually means it's safe, right?

Item → Horizontacles
Item → Writhing, horrible mutant tentacles that love lying flat! Like, all the time (they're very lazy).

Item → Vertentacles
Item → Writhing, horrible mutant tentacles that love to reach for the sky! Maybe they're afraid of falling...?

Item → Googly-Woogly Glooberhellifreakilisticexpialigrossness Verdant Eyed Wall
Item → It's hard to tell if this is a wall of foilage with eyes on it, or a wall of eyes with foilage on it, but either way, it's horrifying!

Item → Googly-Woogly Glooberhellifreakilisticexpialigrossness Verdant Eye
Item → When a normal eye just won't do, take the freak factor to the next, most googly-woogly power possible with these prickly peepers! Just be careful - they aren't your friends!

Item → Googly-Woogly Glooberhellifreakilisticexpialigrossness Verdant Teeth
Item → When normal teeth just aren't terrifying enough, take the freak factor to the next, most googly-woogly power possible with these brutal biters! Just be careful - they aren't your friends!

Item → Cute Bulb Mask
Item → Aww! We're not sure what the heck this thing actually is, but it LOOKS adorable. I mean, at least until it starts firing lasers at you. Not sure how that works, either...

Item → Riding Firefly
Item → Zips around with a glorious glow! Note: Rides on this buddy bug should be free, so if he asks you to pay, it's probably a farefly!

Item → Slithering Serpent Hair
Item → Everyone thinks it's GREAT to have hair made of snakes, but nobody ever thinks about how many mice you have to feed them...

Item → Astro Shades - Red
Item → Firing blasts of radical red light, these celestial-enhanced shades will light up your life, and like, anything else you look at with them! So try not to stare too long at valuable objects (or like, people)!

Item → Astro Shades - Orange
Item → Firing blasts of orangey orange light, these celestial-enhanced shades will light up your life, and like, anything else you look at with them! So try not to stare too long at valuable objects (or like, people)!

Item → Astro Shades - Purple
Item → Firing blasts of potent purple light, these celestial-enhanced shades will light up your life, and like, anything else you look at with them! So try not to stare too long at valuable objects (or like, people)!

Item → Astro Shades - Green
Item → Firing blasts of mean green light, these celestial-enhanced shades will light up your life, and like, anything else you look at with them! So try not to stare too long at valuable objects (or like, people)!

Item → Shining Block - Red
Item → Superb shininess in radiating red. It's almost too shiny! Wait, what am I saying? There's NOTHING so fine as too much shine!

Item → Shining Block - Yellow
Item → Superb shininess in yearning yellow. It's almost too shiny! Wait, what am I saying? There's NOTHING so fine as too much shine!

Item → Shining Block - Purple
Item → Superb shininess in plentiful purple. It's almost too shiny! Wait, what am I saying? There's NOTHING so fine as too much shine!

Item → Black Shoes
Item → From the most formal of occasions to the swankiest of clubs (on the darkest of nights, of course), everyone needs a pair of black shoes! These are extra-special, however, because they're YOURS.

Item → Growmoji Tongue Block
Item → Tired of Growmojis only showing up in chat? Well, now you can use this to add a little 'cheekiness' to your world!

Item → TK69's Mystical Etherboard
Item → Crush the skies between dimensions and surf the riptides of eternity with this mystical - and highly mobile - etherboard! Unfortunately, it looks like its GrowTech Time Circuits have shortcircuited (their warranty is only good for 5,000 years or parsecs, whichever comes first), so while this'll give you a boost of speed, it won't take you through time anymore... Sponsored by TK69 for completing all epic quests!

Item → Weather Machine - Stargazing
Item → Lose yourself in the vastness of the cosmos with this stellar star machine!

Item → Rainbow Scarf
Item → A wonderful mix of colors for a wonderful neck!

Item → Black Cat Ears
Item → They're so fuzzy! Top-tier scratchability and style, all in one double-pointed package.

Item → Toucan's Bill
Item → Ever see a bird with a colorful nut-crackin' beak and get jealous you don't have one? Well now, toucan play at that game!

Item → Chic White Dress
Item → Not just any white dress! If you couldn't already tell by how pretty this looks, we've carefully added the word 'chic' in the title to let everyone know the style here is off the charts!

Item → Lace A-Line Dress
Item → Absolutely stunning! Oh, and MUCH nicer than those B- and C-Line dresses! Don't even get me started on the D-Lines... sheesh!

Item → White Tuxedo
Item → When you want to stand out in a crowd of penguins (or investment bankers) without ruining the super-classy mood, try on this bright and beautiful tux!

Item → Blue and Black Tuxedo
Item → Class up the joint with the best kind of black-and-blue to get!

Item → Samurai's Do Armor
Item → Carefully-crafted overlapping pieces of protection for an honor-bound warrior. Do or Do not - there is no try.

Item → Samurai's Kabuto
Item → A stylized helm for an honor-bound warrior.

Item → Samurai's Waraji
Item → Flexible footwear for an honor-bound warrior.

Item → Samurai's Suneate & Leggings
Item → Protective leggings for an honor-bound warrior.

Item → Valkyrie's Cuirass
Item → A plate of unbreakable steel fit for the unbreakable will of the valkyrie!

Item → Valkyrie's Wings
Item → Flawless warrior wings for an unstoppable Chooser of the Slain!

Item → Valkyrie's Helm
Item → A helm of unbreakable steel fit for the unbreakable will (and beautiful face) of the valkyrie!

Item → Valkyrie's Sandals
Item → Nimble footwear for an agile Chooser of the Slain!

Item → Map of Loki
Item → This map's shifting letters seem to sizzle with doom and destruction, as if they're waiting for something - or somewhere - terrible...

Item → Boy's School Uniform Shirt
Item → A nicely-starched shirt! Clean, sharp, and ready for an education (or general misbehavior, depending on the day)!

Item → Boy's School Uniform Pants
Item → Carefully-creased pants! Clean, sharp, and ready for an education (or general misbehavior, depending on the day)!

Item → Girls's School Uniform Shirt
Item → A nicely-starched shirt! Clean, sharp, and ready for an education (or general misbehavior, depending on the day)!

Item → Girls's School Uniform Skirt
Item → A freshly-laundered skirt! Clean, sharp, and ready for an education (or general misbehavior, depending on the day)!

Item → Safe Vault
Item → The safest place in all of Growtopia! Comes with a patented GrowTech InifiniLock and laser-guided satellite strikes to ensure ONLY YOU can retrieve its valuables!

Item → Messy Braid
Item → You didn't have time to put this braid together, but who cares? You've got blocks to break and economies to alter!

Item → Messy Bun
Item → You didn't have time to put this bun together, but who cares? You've got seeds to splice and economies to alter!

Item → Long Full Bangs
Item → Way better than those Short Empty Bangs offered by other, lesser hairstylists.

Item → Hipster Beard
Item → Embrace the hipster life! With this fancy facial hair, you won't be able to stop asking for artisanal coffee and single-origin beans!

Item → Man Bun
Item → A bun of hair, but with an extra swirl of testosterone to make it extra-manly!

Item → Bed Head
Item → WAKE UP! GET HARVESTING! START TRADING! What? NO, you don't have time to do your hair! Just GO GO GO! Growtopia waits for no-one, and certainly no hair!

Item → Raccoon Leash
Item → Super-sneaky trash panda pet! Chitters and squeaks and loves treats (also, making a mess)!

Item → Panda Leash
Item → A much more official panda than the raccoon, this stoic plant-muncher has just two requests: More bamboo, and MORE BAMBOO!

Item → Weather Machine - Meteor Shower
Item → A skyful of streaking lights can be yours with this all-new (and all-stellar) weather machine! Quick! Make a wish!

Item → Riding World Lock - Green Light
Item → Yahoo! Forget cars and dragons and sneakers and starships - when you want to see the worlds of Growtopia, only the world lock can take you anywhere! Hit the gas on this speedy security device and leave your friends in its glowing green wake!

Item → Riding World Lock - Purple Light
Item → Yahoo! Forget cars and dragons and sneakers and starships - when you want to see the worlds of Growtopia, only the world lock can take you anywhere! Hit the gas on this speedy security device and leave your friends in its pulsing purple wake!

Item → Riding World Lock - White Light
Item → Yahoo! Forget cars and dragons and sneakers and starships - when you want to see the worlds of Growtopia, only the world lock can take you anywhere! Hit the gas on this speedy security device and leave your friends in its blazing white wake!

Item → Riding World Lock - Yellow Light
Item → Yahoo! Forget cars and dragons and sneakers and starships - when you want to see the worlds of Growtopia, only the world lock can take you anywhere! Hit the gas on this speedy security device and leave your friends in its yummy yellow wake!

Item → Masquerade Ball Mask
Item → With this decorative mask, even the most average growtopian can be the Belle of the Ball! Chosen by Ch4knuGT, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for August, 2019!

Item → Tea Basket
Item → Toss this on and any items you collect from a fully-grown tree will fall directly into your inventory! A little flimsy, so it's likely to break after you've collected a lot of stuff, but no less useful for it!

Item → Leaf Blower
Item → Tired of dealing with people? Wish they'd all just leaf you alone? Well, fire up this blower's GrowTech turbine and a storm of wind and fallen foliage will blast them into next year!

Item → Scarecrow Pet
Item → This little guy's tired of frightening birds (that time a flock of ravens stole his hat was the last straw), so he's decided to join up with you and see if your adventures are his kind of field!

Item → Mosquito King's Wings
Item → On one hand, these wings will make you royalty and you'll constantly be surrounded by your adoring subjects. On the other, those subjects will be mosquitoes, and mosquitoes are the worst.

Item → Ladakh Mask
Item → Part of a cultural celebration of life, this mask isn't just a good-looking potential piece of your outfit! It's also used in a major dance festival in the Indian region of - you guessed it - Ladakh!

Item → Ladakh Shirt
Item → Part of a cultural celebration of life, this shirt isn't just a good-looking potential piece of your outfit! It's also used in a major dance festival in the Indian region of - you guessed it - Ladakh!

Item → Ladakh Pants
Item → Part of a cultural celebration of life, these pants aren't just a good-looking potential piece of your outfit! They're also used in a major dance festival in the Indian region of - you guessed it - Ladakh!

Item → Ladakh Shoes
Item → Part of a cultural celebration of life, these shoes aren't just a good-looking potential piece of your outfit! They're also used in a major dance festival in the Indian region of - you guessed it - Ladakh!

Item → Harvest Moon Charm
Item → Mystic moonlight seeps from this charm, tipping your fields toward balance. As a result, while you wear it, your crops will be blessed with a higher chance of dropping Balance Mooncakes during the harvest!

Item → Chopping Wood Block
Item → Use this block to axe tree blocks a few questions! Questions like: What will you become after a good choppin'?!

Item → Weeping Willow
Item → The trunk of a lovely willow tree! It may be weeping now, but just think how happy it'll be once it's settled in your world!

Item → Weeping Willow Branch
Item → The branches of a lovely willow tree! It may be weeping now, but just think how happy it'll be once it's settled in your world!

Item → Weeping Willow Foliage
Item → Assorted swaying leaves for a lovely willow tree! It may be weeping now, but just think how happy it'll be once it's settled in your world!

Item → Weeping Willow Streamers
Item → Long, delicate strands of leaves to hang from a lovely willow tree! It may be weeping now, but just think how happy it'll be once it's settled in your world!

Item → Wood Chips
Item → Somethin' got chopped, and here's the result! Nice work!

Item → Woven Wood Bolt
Item → All those wood chips made for terrible snacks, but with a little sew-how, you found a new purpose for them in this beautiful bolt! Now what can you make with THIS, I wonder...?

Item → Broken Tea Basket
Item → Looks like this tea basket took on too many trees! Don't fret, though - maybe with a little work (and some more raw materials), you can fix it up!

Item → Dual Crescent Blade
Item → Forged in swirling desert sands, these ancient blades carry a hint of the siroccos in which they were made!

Item → Sun Blade
Item → Bane of vampires and mole people, the glorious Sun Blade casts a brilliant glow when held aloft! As a side bonus, it also provides its wielder with their daily recommended dose of Vitamin D.

Item → Storm Breaker
Item → As wielders of an ancient elemental power, those who hold this sky-shaking weapon will inspire awe in all who view them. Lo, the clouds shall part with a mighty crash of thunder, heralding your arrival!

Item → Speeder
Item → Perfect for zipping around an endless desert under the baleful glare of twin suns!

Item → Sniper Rifle
Item → Able to knock the wings off a fly at a thousand paces, this perfectly-calibrated rifle is an insect's greatest fear! Wait, you weren't planning on using it against anything else, were you??

Item → Monster Truck
Item → Full of fangs, fuel, and positraction, this beastly truck proves you don't need horsepower - not when you have MONSTERPOWER!

Item → Healing Tome
Item → A floating book filled with healthy tips and lost surgical arts! It'll follow you wherever you go, bringing good health to all. Well, except goats - it HATES goats (we think one tried to eat it).

Item → Ghost Mobile
Item → Haunted by the spirit of a legendary stunt driver, this car can go from zero to spectral in 0.6 seconds!

Item → Ghost Rider Bike
Item → Pulled from the underworld and wrapped in the flames of damnation, this bike is one scorchin' hot ride! Ow! Better wear some thicker pants!

Item → Spring-Loaded Fists
Item → Superb punching power - on springs! For those times when you REALLY want to punch someone and they're ALLL the way on the other side of the room!

Item → Ring of Night
Item → Binds its wielder to the darkness and makes them one with the night! You won't need the hated touch of light to illuminate the dark with this imposing artifact on your finger...

Item → Fish Landing Platform
Item → A proper place to fish! Now you don't need to worry about someone splashing around in your favorite fishing spot - just stick this on top and prepare for a relaxing day of casts!

Item → Fishing Stool
Item → The fish might be nibbling, but your dogs are barking! Take a load off while you reel in the next big catch!

Item → Cooler Box
Item → Perfectly insulated to keep your treats fresh! Fill it with goodies and get ready for a day of sun and fun!

Item → Bountiful Seed Pack
Item → Contains 5 randomly chosen bountiful seeds, including 1 rare bountiful seed! Use it on yourself to open it - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Steampunk Goggles
Item → Fogged with the heat of your latest madcap mechanical monstrosity and lined in soot, these goggles have seen you through more than one unplanned explosion!

Item → Colored Round Glasses
Item → Viewing the past with colored glasses might not be a great idea, but the present? That just makes you look cool!

Item → Droid Pet
Item → 01100100 01110010 01101111 01101001 01100100 00100000 01101100 01101111 01110110 01100101 01110011 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101

Item → Ruined Bricks
Item → These bricks may have seen better days, but they can still build something beautiful!

Item → Barbed Wire Barrier
Item → Keeping out zombies, insurance salesman, and angry cattle since the 1860s!

Item → Sandbag Wall
Item → It might not be a great place to hang your flatscreen television, but when it comes to making fortifications fast, you can't beat sand in bags!

Item → Regal Stairs
Item → Ascend toward your royal chambers or descend in full view of your adoring nobility for the night's gala event - these stairs make you look good coming AND going!

Item → Regal Bannister
Item → The perfect handhold to keep your regal butt from tumbling down!

Item → Mahogany Frame
Item → Really gives your art the smoky, all-natural vibe of coffeehouses and rustic farmhouses!

Item → Chimney
Item → Stop filling your house with smoke and give it somewhere else to go with this very tall and very classic fireplace accessory!

Item → Grimstone Background
Item → These grimy, imposing walls have seen some dark stuff!

Item → Black Leather Couch
Item → Very fancy and super-comfortable, but it squeaks like crazy if you even shift a millimeter!

Item → Anubis Mask
Item → The face of an AncieNt goD, forgottEn beneath tRackless desert sands, has fallEn into youR hands! Imagine what the eyes behind this strange mask Once saw...

Item → Anubis Seal
Item → Heavy plate to entomb the might of an Ancient god! How could This Have found its way across thE tRackless wastes to yOu? from what dark dangers did it protect its former owner...? 

Item → Anubis Mail
Item → Overlapping plates and sunForged chain to proTect an ancient god! WHen did Anubis losE this? Or perhaps he Found something Even stronger...

Item → Anubis Greaves
Item → Scoured by the desert sands, like a Jewel, these greaves cUt through towering dunes in the Service of Their enIgmatiC ownEr!

Item → Anubis Boots
Item → Even strange And mystical godS of the ancient world Knew the benefit of good footwear. these boots can Help you defy the dEsert heat Without losing your cool!

Item → Spirit of Anubis
Item → Drawn back from the endless deserts of the afterlife, the power of Anubis flows through you! By combining his relics, you have summoned his spirit from across the gulf of time, and in thanks for freeing him from the embrace of the void, he has agreed to lend a portion of his might to you in your adventures!

Item → Cursed Spirit Pendant - Red
Item → Howling with repugnant red energy and generally bad vibes, this pendant was found locked in an iron trunk in the basement of a dark castle. THEN it was buried with its former owner (who died of mysterious causes) before being stolen by graverobbers. THEN it was sold to an evil general before being lost on a wartorn battlefield. AND THEN... it found its way to you. Quake in terror, mortal, for this is surely the most haunted object to be found in Growtopia... so far!

Item → Cursed Spirit Pendant - Green
Item → Howling with gruesome green energy and generally bad vibes, this pendant was found locked in an iron trunk in the basement of a dark castle. THEN it was buried with its former owner (who died of mysterious causes) before being stolen by graverobbers. THEN it was sold to an evil general before being lost on a wartorn battlefield. AND THEN... it found its way to you. Quake in terror, mortal, for this is surely the most haunted object to be found in Growtopia... so far!

Item → Cursed Spirit Pendant - Purple
Item → Howling with pulsing purple energy and generally bad vibes, this pendant was found locked in an iron trunk in the basement of a dark castle. THEN it was buried with its former owner (who died of mysterious causes) before being stolen by graverobbers. THEN it was sold to an evil general before being lost on a wartorn battlefield. AND THEN... it found its way to you. Quake in terror, mortal, for this is surely the most haunted object to be found in Growtopia... so far!

Item → Cursed Spirit Pendant - Blue
Item → Howling with blasted blue energy and generally bad vibes, this pendant was found locked in an iron trunk in the basement of a dark castle. THEN it was buried with its former owner (who died of mysterious causes) before being stolen by graverobbers. THEN it was sold to an evil general before being lost on a wartorn battlefield. AND THEN... it found its way to you. Quake in terror, mortal, for this is surely the most haunted object to be found in Growtopia... so far!

Item → Superfly Hat
Item → The sweetest hat for the smoothest of Growtopians, this is what you should be slipping on when you want the coolest style possible! Chosen by FarmWizard, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for September, 2019!

Item → Dark Ticket
Item → Beware! Consuming this will send you off to the terrifying Tomb of Growganoth! While you're there, you will have only 20 minutes before the darkness dissipates and returns you to the real world. Banish your items in Growganoth's Sacrifical Wells to earn Corruption Points and get spooktacular rewards at the Corruption Altar! Note: You will need boots for climbing and a source of light to overcome the darkness!

Item → Sacrificial Well
Item → Pulsing with Growganoth's dark power! He's always hungry...

Item → Ultimate Corruption Altar
Item → Receive the just rewards of your dark sacrifices here!

Item → Bone Fence
Item → Surround your house with clattering bones! Just be careful - your local Homeowners Association may not find it very humerus...

Item → Bone Checkpoint
Item → Call the fallen back to reality with a bony checkpoint to remind them of their own mortality! Remember, if you die, you'll respawn at the last checkpoint you touched!

Item → Bone Platform
Item → Are your guests tired of standing on shaky ground? Well, they'll be shaking in their shoes when they step foot on these terrifying platforms!

Item → Spooky Bunting
Item → Celebrate the spookiest of seasons with this ghastly new decoration!

Item → Scythe of the Underworld
Item → Dripping with dark magic, the blade of this horrific scythe is capable of cutting through the veil of life and death itself! Wrenched into the mortal plane by dire sorcery, it's now free to wreak havoc among the living!

Item → Tarantula Legs
Item → Skitter, skitter, goes the spider. Long legs and longer shadows reach out from their monstrous owner... you.

Item → Horns of Growganoth
Item → The Dark One walks among us! You have been cursed (or blessed, depending on your level of evil) with the dire sign of Growganoth itself! These horns are a sure sign you've taken one step too far across the line between good and ghastly! Buff: Bonus 250 XP for consuming a Dark Ticket for the Tomb of Growganoth!

Item → Supernaturally Speedy Black High Heels
Item → Super-fast and super-stylish, these heels will get you where you need to be in a flash! Only problem is that they're really, REALLY uncomfortable, especially once you hit Mach 2...

Item → Spooky Bed
Item → Like a normal bed, only for creepy Victorian families with dark secrets!

Item → Creepy Caged Doll
Item → There's a reason this doll's in a cage. Don't let it out.

Item → Demon Cow Cube
Item → Phew! Good thing this beast's been trapped! If it weren't in a cube, it'd be trying to trample you with its unhallowed hooves!

Item → Eldritch Flame Wall Torch
Item → Sinister light that's so spooky, you almost wish it were completely dark. Of course, that's where the REAL monsters lurk...

Item → Dark Fairy Pendant
Item → This fairy used to be full of goodness, gumdrops, and light, but a few bad decisions, one too many hits of pixie dust, and hanging around with the wrong crowd led her down the path to darkness!

Item → Totally Harmless Doll Head
Item → What's scarier? A totally harmless doll that stays in one place until you look away... or a Growtopian wearing its head?!

Item → Totally Harmless Doll Shirt
Item → What's scarier? A totally harmless doll that stays in one place until you look away... or a Growtopian wearing its shirt?!

Item → Totally Harmless Doll Pants
Item → What's scarier? A totally harmless doll that stays in one place until you look away... or a Growtopian wearing its pants?!

Item → Demon Night Stallion
Item → Now THIS is a horse that'll make you say neigh! If you dare to ride it, make sure you have plenty of evil sugar cubes and cursed carrots to tempt it into not stomping you flat!

Item → Cursed Katana
Item → A once-honorable blade, this katana was renowned as a slayer of evil, but the void stares back, as they say, and centuries of carnage have twisted it to the ways of darkness! Beware this blade, for those who wield it... are forever cursed!

Item → Hilarious Honker
Item → Some people are scared of clowns, but who could be afraid of this cute little guy? Summoned by the whimsical toots of his magical horn, Binky is here to amuse and play!

Item → Chimera's Call
Item → A bizarre creature out of myth! The chimera may be a mash-up of many animals, but every last part is filled with an equal amount of friendship for you!

Item → Rainbow Crystal Cloak
Item → Rainbow cloth studded with shimmering crystals! The multicolored majesty of this cloak will carry you aloft, where all can gaze upon your prismatic wonder!

Item → Claw Of Growganoth
Item → A creeping being from the darkest depths of the void! Summoned by the fractured claw of its master, is this monstrous thing truly a creation of Growganoth... or something darker?

Item → Nano Nurse Bot
Item → Filled with helpful nanobots to improve your surgery successes (and maybe keep you from losing an item or two)!

Item → Battle Boots
Item → Stomp your foes... but not your wallet! These boots are made for victories, so put 'em on and get to winning!

Item → Alpha's Shawl
Item → For those who refuse to heed the call of the pack, this shawl will show everyone you'll never follow - only lead! AwooooOOOOOOoooo!

Item → Mega-Hooky Vest
Item → A big fish needs a bigger hook, and this vest has plenty to spare! Toss this on and cast off for a fishy victory!

Item → Superb Chef's Super Spatula
Item → Get your flip on! This spatula will flip any objects with a single slap! Use it on chairs, beds, and anything else you find facing the wrong way! Best of all, it's made of patented GrowTech spatulanium, guaranteed to stay firm even after a thousand slaps!

Item → Slippery Chemical Coat
Item → Coated in frictionless chemicals! This coat is utterly spattered with the most nonstick, inertia-preserving, super-lubricated slip-n'-slide mix, so if you're wearing it, make sure you're not near anything sharp!

Item → Uranium Chair
Item → Glowing with the radioactive power of the apocalypse! Take a seat, and even if you don't have any mutants to rule, you'll get a "healthy" green glow for your efforts!

Item → Rocket-Powered Warhammer
Item → Forget using your puny human muscles to swing this hammer! It's so big and bashy, it uses ROCKET POWER to crack the skies and shatter the earth! Look out!

Item → Tainted Cheese
Item → The rat summoned by this cheese is very friendly, but also very ill! Why would you want this plagued vermin for a pet? Well, getting a rare malady isn't always a bad thing, assuming you have a good doctor to help cure it!

Item → Friendship Dragon Claw
Item → There are many dragons out there - dragons of fire and disaster, dragons of home and hearth, and even dragons from beyond the stars - but NONE are so friendly as this one! Known as Hugalovensnugglor (Hugsy to his closest friends), this dragon is only too happy to shower the world (and you) with hearts!

Item → Spectral Mantle
Item → Writhing chains from the Other Side! These spirit-forged links are meant to capture the most terrible of ghosts, but since you're not, y'know, DEAD, they just look very cool (and maybe a little creepy).

Item → Challenge Ledger
Item → A monolith of knowledge for all aspiring challengers! This ledger will display Daily Guild Challenge point totals for all members of the guild to which you belong (if any). And hey, even if you don't have a guild (which would be weird, considering how you get this), it'll still show the leading guilds in the Daily Guild Challenge! Now that's value!

Item → Captain's Log
Item → A high-tech diary to record your latest findings! The incredible efficiency possible through careful record-keeping may even give you a chance of not using up a Star Tool during a Star Mission! Wow!

Item → Dark Doctor's Cloak
Item → Not all doctors are concerned with their patients! For some, like those who bear this dire cloak, they only live for the challenge of the most vicious of diseases, and wearing this cloak will increase their odds of getting them from Vile Vials! Yikes!

Item → Loot Detector
Item → Perfect for treasure-seekers! This detector will increase your odds of finding maps and map fragments in Treasure Blasts, which is weird, considering they're not made of metal. Hey, how does this thing work, anyway?!

Item → Ghostking's Command
Item → A rod of command stripped from the forces of the Other Side! This spectral scepter won't necessarily make ghosts any happier to see you, but it WILL decrease the odds that a Spirit Storage Unit will detonate at lower, less-lucrative levels in worlds you own!

Item → Guild Challenge Crown
Item → Congratulations! Your guild was #1 in a Guild Daily Challenge! Show off your accomplishment with a shiny crown. Ooh, so shiny!

Item → Cooking Recipe - Putrid Gas Filled Blood Maggot Crepes
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Milk<CR>   - Rotten Egg<CR>   - Burnt Slime<CR>   - Putrid Gas<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - A pinch of Salt<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Milk and Rotten Egg to an oven on Low heat. While the Milk is still cold, add Burnt Slime. Add the seasonings and wait until perfectly cooked all the way through. Then add Putrid Gas and remove from the oven straight away.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Alien Bloodied Brains Strudel
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Space Poop<CR>   - Zombie Brain<CR>   - Slime<CR>   - Putrid Gas<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Acid to taste<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Space Poop to an oven on Low heat. While the Space Poop is still cold, add Zombie Brain. Before the Space Poop begins to cook, add Slime. Add the seasonings and wait until perfectly cooked all the way through. Then add Putrid Gas and remove from the oven straight away.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Rotting Fish Guts Club Sandwich
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Rotting Sea Goo<CR>   - Fish Chunk<CR>   - Tomato<CR>   - Burnt Slime<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - A pinch of Salt<CR>   - Acid to taste<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Rotting Sea Goo to an oven on Low heat. While the Rotting Sea Goo is still cold, add Fish Chunk and then Tomato. Before the Fish Chunk begins to cook, add Burnt Slime. Add the seasonings and wait until perfectly cooked all the way through before removing from the oven.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Festering Urchin & Poop Pie
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Space Poop<CR>   - Gruel<CR>   - Rotting Sea Goo<CR>   - Sea Urchin<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - 3x Acid to taste<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Space Poop to an oven on Low heat. Just before the Space Poop begins to cook, add Gruel. While the Space Poop is underdone, add Rotting Sea Goo. While the Gruel is stil cold, before it begins to cook, add Sea Urchin. Add the seasonings and wait until perfectly cooked all the way through before removing from the oven.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Dumb Tomb of Growganoth
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Dumb Tomb of Growganoth Claimed
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Nightmare Teeny Devil Wings
Item → Now with extra nightmares to terrify you and everyone else! You wanna float?

Item → Red Laser Scimitar
Item → Carve the very air itself with energy-edged annihilation! Designed to exacting standards by GrowTech's Department of Slicing & Dicing, this blazing red blade will show your foes that when it comes to bleeding-edge weaponry, you can't beat an edge made of LASERS!

Item → Green Laser Scimitar
Item → Carve the very air itself with energy-edged annihilation! Designed to exacting standards by GrowTech's Department of Slicing & Dicing, this blazing green blade will show your foes that when it comes to bleeding-edge weaponry, you can't beat an edge made of LASERS!

Item → Blue Laser Scimitar
Item → Carve the very air itself with energy-edged annihilation! Designed to exacting standards by GrowTech's Department of Slicing & Dicing, this blazing blue blade will show your foes that when it comes to bleeding-edge weaponry, you can't beat an edge made of LASERS!

Item → Purple Laser Scimitar
Item → Carve the very air itself with energy-edged annihilation! Designed to exacting standards by GrowTech's Department of Slicing & Dicing, this blazing purple blade will show your foes that when it comes to bleeding-edge weaponry, you can't beat an edge made of LASERS!

Item → Wolfy Tank Top
Item → AwoooOOOOooo! Lovers of lupine layers, take note: your fashion icon has arrived! Chosen by RDK, this howlingly handsome tank top is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for October, 2019!

Item → Dinner Bell
Item → Let everyone know when dinner is ready! It's been proven by historians that all old-timey places had bells like these.

Item → Hay Chair
Item → Feel like kicking up your feet after a long day of farming? This hay bale will cushion your weary bones and make a tasty snack for your animals!

Item → Thanksgiving Frame
Item → Decorative and delightful, this certainly makes for a festive frame-job in the Thanksgiving spirit!

Item → Turkey Hat
Item → Very few turkeys make for good headgear, and even fewer are stronger enough to lift a full-grown Growtopian, so count yourself lucky you've found this mighty beast!

Item → Riding Bell
Item → We truly live in a future our ancestors could only have dreamed of, a vast land of possibility where bells aren't just for announcing dinner or generating ambience, but where they come with plush seats and 500 horsepower, capable of carrying us to and fro, all thanks to GrowTech!

Item → Dueling Star Fighter - Rebel Raider
Item → Splash your name across the stars in this high-flying, laser-firing, rebellion-building beauty of a star fighter! There's a cold and devious empire out there that needs toppling, and you're just the pilot to do it!

Item → Dueling Star Fighter - Imperial Enforcer
Item → Stand for the glory of the Emperor in this turbo-powered, rebel-crushing, empire-stabilizing stunner of a spacecraft! There's an ill-planned and dangerous rebellion out there that needs crushing, and you're just the pilot to do it!

Item → Rebel Raider Droid
Item → Beep beep! Here to help keep your Raider in tip-top condition, this droid will never leave the rebellion in the lurch!

Item → Imperial Enforcer Droid
Item → Boop boop! Here to help keep your Enforcer in optimally-mandated condition, this droid will never defy the will of the empire!

Item → Defiant Jester's Mask
Item → Not all jesters are funny! This mask is for a court entertainer with deadly serious skills! Maybe they were a bodyguard for the King...? Chosen by inflames19, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for November, 2019!

Item → null_item9146
Item → null_item9148
Item → null_item9150
Item → null_item9152
Item → null_item9154
Item → null_item9156
Item → null_item9158
Item → null_item9160
Item → null_item9162
Item → null_item9164
Item → null_item9166
Item → null_item9168
Item → Transmutabooth
Item → Behold this wondrous technological device from the innovative folks at GrowTech! The Transmutabooth allows you to transmute clothing items together to give them the visual look of another clothing item - so if you've ever wanted your Cyclopean Visor to look like Shades (while keeping its mod) now you can!

Item → Armored WinterBot - Back
Item → One of five legendary pieces of the great WinterBot, guardian of the Winter Fortress. Turns out its great for relieving back pain.

Item → Armored WinterBot - Feet
Item → One of five legendary pieces of the great WinterBot, guardian of the Winter Fortress. You can't tell if you are running incredibly fast, or constantly sliding. Either way, these shoes make you faster.

Item → Armored WinterBot - Fists
Item → One of five legendary pieces of the great WinterBot, guardian of the Winter Fortress. Ice shards envelope your hand, punching with this might do some damage.

Item → Armored WinterBot - Mail
Item → One of five legendary pieces of the great WinterBot, guardian of the Winter Fortress. I hope you're used to the cold, its only getting colder from here. Perhaps this isn't the best thing to wear without a jacket.

Item → Armored WinterBot - Greaves
Item → One of five legendary pieces of the great WinterBot, guardian of the Winter Fortress. Gives you an icy stance, not sure if it's the resolve of guarding the fortress for eternity or just that you've lost all feeling in your legs.

Item → Frosty Wings
Item → These Frosty Wings are made out of ice so they can't fly, but perhaps if you try hard enough... Nope, you can double jump.

Item → Riding Eagle Owl
Item → This strange little bird can't make up its mind if it's an eagle or an owl! Either way it can easily lift you into the air none the less.

Item → Royal Winter Seal
Item → A sign of wintry royalty!

Item → Elf Hoodie
Item → Just because you dress up like an elf doesn't mean you are one, but at least you shouldn't be getting any coal this year.

Item → Cloak of Fire and Ice
Item → We had to add ice to the cape, otherwise it would have back-fired.

Item → Yeti Leash
Item → This terrifying little beast of the arctic wastes, just wants a hug. Maybe it thinks you're its mommy with those big feet!

Item → Hammer Of Winter
Item → It seems to be a stick with a huge ice block on the end. Whenever you swing this, the ice block flies off at incredible speeds. Bet it could do some serious damage.

Item → Ice Throne of Winter
Item → Be the king or queen of your own kingdom, let's just hope it doesn't melt first.

Item → Winterfest Checkpoint
Item → Seems like a normal checkpoint but somewhat colder. Allows you to respawn at the last checkpoint you touched!

Item → Ice Sculptures
Item → How long did you spend cutting out that shape? You can use your chainsaw to change the design of the sculpture. How else are you supposed to do it? 

Item → Snowtopian
Item → Dress up your very own snowtopian with all your favorite clothes. Can't wear pants or shoes obviously!

Item → Decorative Propane
Item → Great for roasting marshmallows after a long day in the safety of your own home.

Item → Tacky Holiday Hair
Item → You infused your hair with so much 'spirit of giving', it became a Giving Tree!

Item → Cute Riding Polar Bear
Item → It's like a horse... except it's soft, fuzzy, large, and predatory. It possibly wants to eat you! It would never hurt you though, it's too adorable.

Item → Winter Radiance Aura
Item → Cold seems to radiate from you, swirling into careless snowflakes. Somehow this grants you the ability to double jump, don't ask how.

Item → Ancestral Orb of Time : Level 6
Item → Incredible forces of immortality and history have been combined with the building blocks of creation to forge this orb. Equip it and mastery of the fourth dimension will be yours... Gives you a super-duper-improved time reduction on all of your providers!

Item → Legendary Clash Key & Finale Ticket
Item → One is for opening an end-of-year legendary prize, the other's for getting into a dangerous parkour world full of traps and treasures! We'll let you figure out which is which.

Item → Winter Clash Finale Ticket
Item → Beware! Using this ticket will send you off to a world of great dangers and riches! When you are there, you will have only 25 MINUTES before the power of this ticket diminishes and you are returned to the real world. Can you conquer the chaos of Winter Clash in time?

Item → Legendary Clash Key & Finale Ticket
Item → One is for opening an end-of-year legendary prize, the other's for getting into a dangerous parkour world full of traps and treasures! We'll let you figure out which is which.

Item → Spring Clash Finale Ticket
Item → Beware! Using this ticket will send you off to a world of great dangers and riches! When you are there, you will have only 25 MINUTES before the power of this ticket diminishes and you are returned to the real world. Can you conquer the chaos of Spring Clash in time?

Item → Dumb Pass Icon
Item → Display purposes only, it's just a dumb icon.

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2019
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar for 2019, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2019
Item → Winterfest 2019 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Dummy Item for VIP Effect
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Dummy Transmutation Icon
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Dummy Transmutation Temp Icon
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Balloon Target
Item → Hit to score points during the balloon warz.

Item → Ancient Shards
Item → An artifact from a forgotten age, twinkling with strange energies! These shards will orbit their owner, infusing them with the power of a civilization long since passed from our worlds! Also, they'll glow with cool iridescent light, which happens to make for a really sweet fashion statement.

Item → Flower Pot
Item → This delicate little flower is just too precious to put down! Good thing it likes to be held by kind Growtopians like yourself! Chosen by DeusV, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for December, 2019!

Item → Coin: 7th Anniversary Block
Item → SEVEN YEARS! They just keep coming! Copper is the traditional gift associated with 7th anniversaries, so as a thank you for your continued support, please join us in celebrating this monumental achievement with this beautiful coppery block!

Item → Rave Haze Light
Item → Superb raves need superb lights, and these will have everyone proclaiming your scene hardcore to the max! Just... don't tell anyone these are old, repurposed Christmas lights. That might be awkward.

Item → Rave Hall Wall
Item → Lead your eager ravers to the party with these rave-ready walls!

Item → Rave Hall Floor
Item → This graffiti-covered floor is the perfect place to host a mad party and, of course, lose valuable objects.

Item → Rave Stage
Item → A rave-light covered stage, perfect for aspiring DJs and house bands to blast their music at absurdly loud volumes!

Item → Superstar Shades
Item → They say wisdom comes with age, but they didn't say anything about style like this! These are the shades of superstardom, reserved for the greatest of Growtopians! With these equipped, YOU will become the very definition of cool. As for wisdom, well... that's up to you.

Item → Confetti Rocket Shoes
Item → Look, if sticking confetti-filled rockets to the bottom of shoes is crazy, then I don't want to be sane.

Item → Euphoric Dragon
Item → Of all the many dragons you could encounter, this is perhaps the most dangerous... if you don't like FUN! Utterly uncompromising in its quest for the biggest and best parties, this dragon is all about a good time, and it's utterly thrilled to be at your side as you adventure into the wilds of Growtopia!

Item → Party Bubble Blaster
Item → The ultimate in party contributions, this bubble blaster will turn any scene into a beautiful whirlwind of bubbly fun! Pop-pop!

Item → Raver Hoodie
Item → Express your taste for neon-drenched fun with this psychedelically-colorful raver hoodie.

Item → Raver Pants
Item → Dang! Those are some bright n' colorful pants, sure to help you stand out in any scene! (Well, aside from the raver scene - you'll blend right in with them!)

Item → Raver Hair
Item → Amp up the party with this amped-up hairdo! Everyone's sure to be impressed, and if they're not, well, they're probably deeply uncool, so who cares?

Item → Anniversary Skyrocket
Item → Possibly the best way to celebrate our anniversary is by firing unstable gunpowder into the sky! Please aim away from face, friends, small animals, large animals, and anything that could possibly burn. Like, ever.

Item → 1-Day Free Subscription Token
Item → Consume this for one full day of special treatment! You'll get a chance of doubling any XP earned, 10 season tokens (as long as there's a seasonal clash running), and 500 gems!

Item → DigiVend Machine
Item → Get with the times and go digital! This wired vending machine can connect its contents to Vending Hubs AND the multiversal economy, providing a unified shopping experience along with price checks to help you sell your goods! All that, and still no human-related hassle! Use your wrench on this to stock it with an item and set a price in World Locks. Other players will be able to buy from it! Only works in World-Locked worlds.

Item → Vending Hub - Checkout Counter
Item → Your one-stop shop! This vending hub will collect and display (and let shoppers buy) the contents of ALL DigiVends in its row or column (wrench it to set the direction)! Wow! Now that's a shopping experience we can all enjoy! Note: Only works in World-Locked worlds.

Item → Draconic Claw
Item → Used as a symbol of strength and power in parts of China, the Feilong dragon is so powerful it doesn't even need wings to fly. Way to flex on those other dragons, dude. There are only 900 in existence!

Item → Black Friday 2019 Cart - Bronze
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this bronzed shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday 2019 Cart - Silver
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this silvered shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday 2019 Cart - Gold
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this gilded shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Jin Chan Leash
Item → This mythical creature is said to appear in the presence of good news or great fortune. Lucky you! Now that you have tied it to your wrist you should ALWAYS have good fortune... right? Punching with this equipped allows you to launch a devastating fireball at your foes. Make it burn!

Item → Huli Jing Scarf
Item → According to legend, the Huli Jing can be a force of good or evil - and nothing in between. Let's hope you got the good one.

Item → Year of The Rat Statue
Item → A statue of the zodiac rat! Growtopians born in the Year of the Rat are clever and quick thinkers.

Item → Lucky Fortune Cookie
Item → A tasty treat with a touch of wisdom. Crack one open for instant enlightenment (and an extra lucky prizes)!

Item → Year of the Rat Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Red Coin Wallpaper
Item → Made from delicate paper, this wallpaper resembles a stylized coin.

Item → Year of the Rat Mask
Item → The rat is the first of the zodiac animals. According to myth, the Jade Emperor stated the order of the zodiac would be decided by a race. The rat was clever and tricked the Ox into giving him a ride, then, at the finish line the rat jumped down and landed in front, becoming first. Limited only to Year of the Rat!

Item → Emperor's Jacket
Item → One of traditions of Lunar New Year is to celebrate new beginnings and a clean slate. Start off the New Year right with this traditionally-styled jacket! Comes in one color, red, which also happens to be the best color. 

Item → Dummy Item for Checkout Counter Dialog
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → WOTD Trophy 2020
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2020.

Item → Euphoric Dragon Egg
Item → A dragon egg, touched by the essence of a euphoric party!

Item → Hatching Euphoric Dragon Egg
Item → It's... it's hatching! There's something inside this egg, and it's coming out soon! Ooh, what could it be??

Item → Brutal Hand Fans
Item → Conjure the force of a hurricane through these deceptively dangerous fans. With one devastating flap, they'll channel your inner chi and send out a stunning strike. You wouldn't want to be on the other end of this!

Item → Lovewillow
Item → With soft leaves and a softer heart, the lovewillow is the perfect plant for the lonely! It just wants someone to rest in its shade, and it would love for that kind person to be you!

Item → Lovewillow's Lace
Item → A soothing mask of delicately-entwined lovewillow tendrils, this is a heartfelt gift from a very kind tree!

Item → Surgical Love Mallet
Item → Used only in Surgery. When someone's heart is broken and needs an affectionate (and startling) jolt, only the best doctors turn to the hammering might of the Love Mallet! Paging Doctor Love!

Item → Love Lips
Item → Wild smoochy colors for a wild smoochy face!

Item → Charmer Smile
Item → Nobody can resist a winning smile! It's even better when it's actually attached to someone's face, though, so put this on and start winning hearts!

Item → Beefy Biceps
Item → Swole as can be! These biceps are the sign of a true athlete, a dedicated fitness freak who keeps their body in tip-top shape! ...and now they're yours. Uh, where did you even get these?

Item → Snuggly Kitty Scarf
Item → Full of love and fuzzy affection, this superb scarfcat has only one wish: to spend its days draped around your neck and absorbing as many snuzzles as possible! Mew!

Item → Cloud Nine Cape
Item → Woven from the warmest, fluffiest clouds funneled down from the highest heights, this cape is light as can be, softer than you can imagine, and all set to take you up, up, and away!

Item → Golden Sunset Cape
Item → Practically glowing with the eye-popping colors of a perfect sunset, this once-cloudy cape has been transformed into a stunning piece of radiant cloth! Don this beauty, and everyone will treat you like a sky set ablaze with all the majesty of a setting sun - they won't be able to look away!

Item → Heartthrob Helm
Item → Armor for a valiant Knight of the Heart, this helm will keep your noggin safe from slashing steel and sorrowful heartbreak alike!

Item → Golden Heartthrob Helm
Item → Only the most elite Champions of Heart have worn a helm such as this! Polished to a brilliant shine, it's hard to tell if this helm is shimmering from the elegance of its design or the incredible heart of its bearer, but either way, all who look on it will be awed by its beauty.

Item → Lovely Dinner Light
Item → Table's set, dishes are ready, and smiles are sparkling - now you just need an atmospheric way to see it all! Set up this lovely light and enjoy a relaxingly, romantic mood at the flick of a switch!

Item → Romantic Bushes
Item → When you absolutely need EVERY LAST THING to be romantic but don't have time to trim topiary on your own, grab one of these bushes and set the scene in a flash!

Item → Dating Dandy's Suit
Item → Hit the dating scene in style with this charismatic suit!

Item → Dating Dandy's Hair
Item → Hit the dating scene in style with this slick and stupendous hair!

Item → Dating Vixen's Dress
Item → Hit the dating scene in style with this irresistible dress!

Item → Dating Vixen's Hair
Item → Hit the dating scene in style with this stunning hairstyle!

Item → Datemaster's Rose
Item → Perfect for making your affectionate intentions known, this rose will let everyone know you're a date-goin' Growtopian without peer! Toss one now and get your dating done right!

Item → Datemaster's Bling
Item → Forget putting a ring on it - toss a GIGANTIC ring AT it and they'll never forget you!

Item → Datemaster's Heart Locket
Item → All the secrets of the perfect date have been fused with the sparkling strength of a golden heart to create this nexus of affection! Be the quickest to anyone's heart when you don this delightful locket!

Item → Angelic Counting Cloud
Item → Place three in a row and punch to let the angels do their thing. If you can get three in a row of the angelic number you may be rewarded by the angels themselves.

Item → Medusa's Crown
Item → Crafted by the Great Gorgon herself, this incredible crown of magic and malice will strike fear into the hearts of all who look upon it. With the power of its gaze, you'll be able to turn your enemies (and hey, even your friends!) to stone! Note: The Curse of the Gorgon only works in worlds that arn't punch jammed. Magic is weird like that.

Item → Super Golden Booty Chest
Item → Smash it for Valentine's goodies! Has increased chances of getting super valuable rewards. Every year the Golden Heart Crystal is locked in time and remains constant, appearing at the same frequency throughout the ages, while new items change and fade with the passage of time.

Item → Pink Teeny Angel Wings
Item → Even as tiny as they are, these cute pink wings allow you to jump in mid-air!

Item → Walking Cane
Item → An exquisitely crafted walking cane made of the finest mahogany with gold trim. Great for peaceful walks in the garden or keeping you looking classy in your old age! Chosen by TBUO, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for January, 2020!

Item → Magic Stones
Item → Carrying these magical stones will light up even the darkest areas, although, the magic seems unstable. These magic stones burn out at unpredictable moments so make sure to carry several.

Item → Rune Carved Door
Item → Who knows what lurks inside?

Item → Armored Riding Troll
Item → A tamed monstrosity of the deep caverns of the world. Throws dirt at your foes and moves with surprising speed for its size.

Item → Dwarven Beard
Item → The pride of all dwarves.

Item → Dwarven Mining Helm
Item → Tired of carrying your candle in your hand? Some clever dwarf discovered you can stick it to your helm to free up your hands for digging.

Item → Shield of Mining
Item → Protects from falling debris. Also quite handy in a fight.

Item → Mining Explosives
Item → Use to blow apart even the most stuborn rocks. Great for mining deep ore deposits. Warning: stand back when using!

Item → Strange Eyes
Item → Born from the inky black of the deep caves, these eyes look a little odd to anyone not familiar with the deep caverns.

Item → Mining Pauldrons
Item → Protects from falling debris. Arm yourself for the dangers that lie in the deep places of the world.

Item → Mining Chestplate
Item → Protects from falling debris. Arm yourself for the dangers that lie in the deep places of the world.

Item → Mining Mech
Item → Forged from the magic ore of the deep caverns, it's magic drill will break through deep caverns with ease.

Item → Lightning Gauntlets
Item → Stores magic energy and then releases it in a bolt of lightning from your fingertips. Like a sith lord but cooler.

Item → Magic Infused Stone
Item → Deep stones infused with magic!

Item → Magic Infused Stone Background
Item → Deep stones infused with magic!

Item → Magic Infused Vein
Item → A vein of magic infused ore!

Item → Pure Magic Ore
Item → A block of pure magic ore!

Item → Dwarven Wall
Item → Blocks of stone carved by the ancient dwarves.

Item → Dwarven Background
Item → Walls covered in carvings from the ancient dwarves that mined the deep caverns of the world.

Item → Dwarven Column
Item → Columns of stone carved from the surrounding rocks by the ancient dwarves.

Item → Balrog Wings
Item → Born of fire and shadow. These wings burn but somehow are never consumed.

Item → Balrog's Tail
Item → A sword forged from the tail of a mighty demon.

Item → Angelic Heart Cloud
Item → Place three in a row and punch to let the angels do their thing. If you can get three in a row of the angelic number you may be rewarded by the angels themselves.

Item → Magic Ore
Item → This is raw ore, mined from deep within the Earth. Surely there's something you can do with it!

Item → Magic Ingot
Item → You've managed to process this ore into a pure, shining ingot, just by tossing it into a fire!

Item → Magic Armor Plate
Item → This armor plate is forged from refined Magic Ore, which makes it particularly attuned to magic.

Item → Magic Armor Plate Design
Item → This paper details a method for forging a Magic Armor Plate. If you forge 100 Magic Ingots with this design in hand, you'll make a Magic Armor Plate. This consumes the design.

Item → Galaxy Aura
Item → A swirling galaxy engulfs you, pulling everything you touch towards you (well only growtopians!).

Item → Radiant Doom Staff
Item → A floating staff radiating with dark energy and deep dread! For some reason it seems to like you and will do what you say (for now). It'll follow you wherever you go, and strike fear in the hearts of your enemies. Best not to make it angry though.

Item → Increase Backpack
Item → BUY MORE BACKPACK SPACE

Item → Shamrock Shades
Item → Rock some shamrock shades!

Item → Irish Top Hat
Item → A lovely top of the morning top hat! Only found in Blarney 1 and 4.

Item → Green Trenchcoat
Item → It's Green... it's  a coat, its an awesome Green Trenchcoat! Note: this is a "chest item", like a necklace, so you can wear any shirts and back items you want underneath it.

Item → Slithering Slippers
Item → Slippers that slither with snakes! 

Item → Shamrock Wings
Item → Shamrocks give you wings!

Item → Giant Falling Shamrock
Item → Shamrocks are lucky.... lucky it doesnt fall like a rock! Hold the jump button while falling to cushion your fall. Only found in Blarney 5, 7 and 9.

Item → Dala Horsie
Item → Get rocking and rolling on this speedy horse!

Item → Money Aura
Item → Money can't buy you everything but it sure looks cool swirling around you!

Item → Pooka Hood
Item → Look like a proper pooka with the pooka hood!

Item → King Cobra Chair
Item → A cobra chair fit for a king and a cobra and you!

Item → Mobility Scooter
Item → Get around with the latest and greatest in Mobility Scooters. Chosen by Kulchvyach, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for February, 2020!

Item → Dumb Glory
Item → Icon only!

Item → Dumb Gem
Item → Icon only!

Item → Basket Chair
Item → Who wouldn't want a cozy, hanging chair! Kick back, relax and enjoy mocking the ground dwellers while you sit a couple of inches from the ground.

Item → Chick Tricycle
Item → Always wanted to be driven around? Now's your chance with the new Chick Tricycle! Hiring a chauffeur has never been this cheep! Although, you might want to chick its credentials.

Item → Nest Hat
Item → Some little chicks snooze in this nest hat. How they managed to form a nest on the top of your head is pretty impressive. The more you move, the more agitated they seem to get, better slow down and not upset your new friends.

Item → Egg Champion Cape
Item → First chauffeurs, now flying cape services? Is there anything these chicks can't do?

Item → Egg Ammo Belt
Item → FOOD FIGHT! Be ready for battle with the egg ammo belt, nothing is worse than getting splatted by a volley of eggs. Just don't hard boil any of them. That would cause some serious damage.

Item → Hot Cross Bun Launcher
Item → Served hot and fresh - straight to your face. Careful, flaming buns may cause burns, cool before eating!

Item → Loafers
Item → Keep your feet toasty all year round with these loafers, there is nothing butter than wearing bread on your feet!

Item → Carrot on a Stick
Item → Always hungry but never productive? Finally a solution for you! Get stuff done under the illusion of chasing food! Don't judge, it works for some people.

Item → Chocolate Easter Bilby
Item → Show your support to the Australian wildlife with a chocolate Easter Bilby! Rather than selling the traditional Easter bunnies, stores in Australia sell a Bilby variant in order to raise money for the endangered species. Consuming this item removes the egg hunting basket debuff and allows you to instantly collect the egg you found! Egg-cellent!

Item → Egg Wreath
Item → Decorate with Easter flair! This collection of hand painted Easter eggs is perfect to hang around doorways, ceilings or wherever you like.

Item → Easter Egg - Dark
Item → The darker side of the easter egg hunt.

Item → Boastful Brawler Hair
Item → A boastful hairstyle that's punching above its weight! Bleached platinum white for perfect preparation to apply hair dye and personalise to your heart's desire.

Item → Powerful Ponytail Hair
Item → A powerful hairstyle that's punching above its weight! Bleached platinum white for perfect preparation to apply hair dye and personalise to your heart's desire.

Item → GrowShow TV
Item → Growtopia's most loved gameshow now brings you its very own TV to watch up to 3 ads per day for AMAZING prizes.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Chocolate Easter Bilby
Item → Apparently many people can't seem to tell the difference between this cute little marsupial mouse and a rabbit so if you try to cook one without this recipe you will end up with a chocolate bunny instead. To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>You must hold this recipe in your hand.<CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Easter Egg - Growtopia<CR>   - Baking Chocolate<CR>   - Chocolate Sprinkles Block<CR>   - Marshmallow<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Sugar<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Easter Egg - Growtopia to an oven on Low heat. While the Easter Egg - Growtopia is still cold, add Baking Chocolate. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. Then add Chocolate Sprinkles Block and Marshmallow and remove from the oven when perfectly cooked.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Wacky Rocket Sled
Item → Strap on because you're in for a wacky ride! A high octane rocket sled, it might not look safe but it's fun! Beep Beep!

Item → Dumb Mentor Title
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Player Tribute
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Meet the DEVS
Item → not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Chilled Smile Mask
Item → When you're tired of using all those crazy facial muscles, this mask is here to help! Hide your tired growtopian face with this reliable, totally-not-creepy chilled smile instead!. Chosen by XMenkel, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for March, 2020!

Item → Pastel Checkered Wallpaper
Item → Far brighter than your standard tartan patterned wallpaper.

Item → Pastel Bunny Block
Item → A cute and fluffy wallpaper

Item → Pastel Mondrian Block
Item → A bright blocky tableau.

Item → Pastel Bricks
Item → The best color of your standard bricks.

Item → null_item9488
Item → null_item9490
Item → null_item9492
Item → null_item9494
Item → null_item9496
Item → null_item9498
Item → null_item9500
Item → null_item9502
Item → null_item9504
Item → null_item9506
Item → null_item9508
Item → null_item9510
Item → null_item9512
Item → null_item9514
Item → null_item9516
Item → null_item9518
Item → null_item9520
Item → null_item9522
Item → null_item9524
Item → null_item9526
Item → null_item9528
Item → null_item9530
Item → null_item9532
Item → null_item9534
Item → null_item9536
Item → null_item9538
Item → null_item9540
Item → null_item9542
Item → null_item9544
Item → null_item9546
Item → null_item9548
Item → null_item9550
Item → null_item9552
Item → null_item9554
Item → null_item9556
Item → null_item9558
Item → null_item9560
Item → null_item9562
Item → null_item9564
Item → null_item9566
Item → null_item9568
Item → null_item9570
Item → null_item9572
Item → null_item9574
Item → null_item9576
Item → null_item9578
Item → null_item9580
Item → null_item9582
Item → null_item9584
Item → null_item9586
Item → null_item9588
Item → null_item9590
Item → null_item9592
Item → null_item9594
Item → null_item9596
Item → null_item9598
Item → null_item9600
Item → null_item9602
Item → null_item9604
Item → Doomsday Warhammer
Item → Wield the Warhammer of Doom and rain fiery death down on all around you! This warhammer is so hot it even tears the ground up as you lug its heavy weight behind you.

Item → Chip-and-Dip
Item → Keep your supply of hot salsa and cool guac close with you at all times with this hat. Its guacca be the best hat ever! 

Item → Mexican Hot Sauce Rocket Pack
Item → This rocket pack will take the heat up to Scotch Bonnet level as you blast to the skies powered by Mexico's finest chilli sauce.

Item → Mexican Pointy Boots
Item → Pointy as a arrow, sharp as knife, speedy as a super speedy jumping bean being particulary speedy! Complete with your own gang of jumping beans to follow you around!

Item → Burrito Broncho Chair
Item → Strap on, keep a hold of that salsa and chips as things are about to get messy! A rideable Burrito Broncho chair for when you want to ride.... and eat the rodeo!

Item → Block De Mayo Block
Item → What is in the Block De Mayo Block, break it and find out.... clue its awesome Cinco De Mayo stuff!

Item → Bongo Drum
Item → March to the beat of your own drum with the snazzy Mexican Bongo! Hot and Spicy beats for all!

Item → Trumpet
Item → Toot Toot Tootin' Mexican Trumpet! Some sweet chiily pepper trumpet vibes for all to hear!

Item → Llama Lights
Item → Light up those Llamas! A string of Llamas or should that be a herd of Llamas for every occasion!

Item → Fiesta Block
Item → A bright and stripey block, for all your bright and stripey block needs!

Item → Fiesta Wallpaper
Item → Decorate up a veritable Fiesta with this awesome stripey wallpaper.

Item → Mariachi Bobble Head
Item → Bob along with this bobbing bobble head, its Mariachi-ally a day of the dead bobble head!

Item → Mexican Spinning Top
Item → Spin and Spin some more, where will it stop nobody knows!

Item → Chichen-Itza Shirt
Item → If you Myan over what to wear, choose this! Its Chichen what-cha want to wear.

Item → Chichen-Itza Hat
Item → A temple to wear over your temples! Itza brilliant!

Item → null_item9636
Item → null_item9638
Item → My First World Lock
Item → Locks an entire world. Place it in your world to keep it safe from other players breaking your stuff. It doesn't prevent them entering though, so be sure to add a door if you don't want others around.

Item → Rose Hairpin
Item → A regal rose to brighten up your hair! Chosen by Bojoing, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for April, 2020!

Item → Surgery Gatcha
Item → Contains randomly chosen rewards! Use it on yourself to open it - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Locked and Loaded Gatcha
Item → Contains randomly chosen rewards! Use it on yourself to open it - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Go Anywhere Surfboard
Item → A Surfboard with your very own personal wave! Travel over land and sea in style, comfort and awesomeness!

Item → Pineapple Plough
Item → Ever wanted a plough made from a ravenous pineapple? Of course you have and here it is! This pineapple has a taste for trees and it's really hungry right now!

Item → Pineapple Robes
Item → Pineapple palm robes fit for a Pineapple Prince or Princess or for anyone wanting the cool breeze that comes with wearing leaves!

Item → Pineapple Superhero
Item → Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No! It's a cool flying pineapple shooting lasers! That's way cooler!

Item → Pineapple Coronet
Item → What does every wannabe Pineapple Prince or Princess need? A Pineapple Coronet of course! Prickly on the head but worth it!

Item → Stone Pineapple
Item → This doesn't look very juicy! Try not to bite it, you might break a tooth! Pineapples used to be a sign of wealth and having one of these would make you look quite the moneybags!

Item → Pineapple Headphones
Item → Sweet beats for when you're scoffing pineapple treats! Dance along to some funky tunes looking totally awesome in these!

Item → Pineapple Door
Item → A regular pineapple is a doorway to flavor, this pineapple is a doorway to whatever you want! Adventure? Riches? More pineapples? The choice is yours!

Item → Pineapple Pennant
Item → A Pineapple Pennant to fly with pride! Symbolises the magnificent pineapple in all its juicy glory!

Item → Pineapple Lamp
Item → Oh Pineapple, glorious pineapple, illuminate the darkness around me! Fill it with juicy light and make it bright!

Item → Pineapple Wallpaper
Item → For the stylish Growtopian who wants it to be Pineapple Party time all the time! Wallpaper your house and live in a pineapple everyday.

Item → Pineapple Boardshorts
Item → Whether you're surfing, chilling on the beach or kicking back eating a fresh pineapple, these shorts are just the perfect fit!

Item → Pineapple Trooper Helmet
Item → In space no one can hear you scream.... but they can see you coming a mile off in all your pineapple glory with this space helmet!

Item → Mature Pineapple Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Mature Super Pineapple Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Mature Rotten Pineapple Roots
Item → Maturity achieved! These roots are ripe for the harvest!

Item → Pineapple Gift Box
Item → What could be inside this most Pineapple'y of Prizes!!

Item → Pineapple Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Super Pineapple Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Dangerous Pineapple Root Cutting
Item → A great thing has grown. Your attention and care has paid off, the bounty of the roots is all yours! Now, what could it be used for?

Item → Moon Lamp
Item → Light up any dark and dangerous lunar cave with this moon lamp. May its light guide you on all your adventures!

Item → Crystalized Star Fragment Block
Item → A block made of crystal formed eons and eons ago... thats a really long time! Compressed fragments of a fallen star for all your building needs!

Item → Exo Suit Helmet
Item → Look like a total space boss with Exo Suit Helmet! Makes you look tough and stylish all at once!

Item → Exo Suit Body
Item → Look like a total space boss with Exo Suit Body! Makes you look tough and stylish all at once!

Item → Exo Suit Pants
Item → Look like a total space boss with Exo Suit Pants! Makes you look tough and stylish all at once!

Item → Arm Blaster
Item → That Blaster is Mega! Fire a blinding red laser from your arm and live out all your 16bit dreams!

Item → Decayed Statue Block
Item → A relic of a bygone planet! Kinda looks familiar somehow?

Item → Escapee's Collar
Item → Like a necklace but way more dangerous!! Show off your stealth escaping skills with this reminder of life in space jail!

Item → Hikers Dressing Gown
Item → If you're travelling around the galaxy without a spaceship, this dressing gown will look the part when hailing a ride from a stranger!

Item → Space Opera Mask
Item → Live out your own literal space opera with this Space Opera Mask! Maybe you could be the Phantom Menance of the Opera with it on!

Item → Space Junk Block
Item → At last some practical use for all that space junk! Build with it! Made of compacted rockets, boosters and other assorted space junk!

Item → Space Tattoo
Item → Nothing says I live on an other planet and am part of a motley crew of space raiders than a facial tattoo! Tatooinely what you need to scare your Aunt and Uncle!

Item → Crystal Aura
Item → An enchanted crystal aura surrounds you, emitting light from the purest of crystal form! Don't look directly into it's light its too mesmerising.

Item → My Pet Sputnik
Item → A pet Sputnik for all your space adventuring needs! Careful though those radiowaves its emitting look deadly!

Item → Crystal Infused Sword
Item → A sword of true beauty and of true power! Each swing of it's blade is infused with the power of crystals forged eons ago by unknown hands!

Item → Space Dirt
Item → Yep, it's heavenly space dirt.

Item → Space Junk Dirt
Item → Yep, it's dirty space dirt.

Item → Space Dirt Background
Item → Technically, this is also heavenly space dirt, it's just dirt that's farther away.

Item → Space Junk Background
Item → Technically, this is also dirty space dirt, it's just dirt that's farther away.

Item → null_item9726
Item → Dark Watcher's Mask
Item → Worn by the mysterious group that watch from the dark. Chosen by Armourfnafs, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for May, 2020!

Item → Phoenix Scarf
Item → The spirit of the Phoenix will rise above you and be with you always when you wear this scarf of extreme beauty and rarity! These are so rare you had better look after it! No more than 500 of these exist in Growtopia!

Item → Greg, The Octopus
Item → A friendly octopus buddy who clings to you wherever you go! With 8 legs and a bulbous head he's got an inky surprise for anyone who gets in your way!

Item → Starfish Leash
Item → Did you wish upon a star...fish? Because you got a little pointy friend! They may look cute but don't get too close as they are also quite spikey to touch!

Item → Floatie Crown
Item → When is a crown not a crown? When it's also an inflatable duck! Give your attacks some much needed quack with this Floatie Crown!

Item → Staff of the Deep
Item → It's splishy! It's fishy! It's splashy! And it will send you into a fish frenzy! Be the master of land and sea with this most awesome staff!

Item → Summer Checkpoint
Item → This crabby crustacean will keep you in check! With some cool summer shades and sharp claws, they are the perfect companion to respawn at!

Item → Flamingo Wings
Item → Majestically soar in the sky with these wings.... wait, that's not right! Flap wildly like a crazy Flamingo with these equipped!

Item → Fruity Trousers
Item → The perfect pear of trousers for a summer's day. Some say the fruit pattern is so realistic it even attracts wasps!

Item → Clownfish Shirt
Item → If you've ever wanted to dress like a Clownfish before, then your dreams have just come true! Perfect to wear when you're out finding other lost Clownfish!

Item → Life Ring
Item → An essential safety item for when you're near water. Always best to know where the nearest one is in case anyone gets into trouble in the water!

Item → Friendly Coconut
Item → This coconut is a bit of a castaway. Some say his face was painted on by a Growtopian who washed up on a desert island and didn't have a mirror!

Item → Message in a Bottle
Item → The perfect mail box for use on a desert island! Normally you could wait years for a reply but this one is a little quicker! Did you know the oldest message in a bottle ever found is over 130 years old! 

Item → Inflatable Dolphin
Item → No summer holiday is complete without a dip in the water with an inflatable Dolphin! This one is extra inflated so it's also quite bouncy. Don't worry, it won't mind if you jump up and down on it!

Item → Hammock
Item → Let the warm summer breeze rock you gently in this hammock. Use it any time of the year and dream of far off lands and having fun with friends by the crystal clear blue sea.

Item → Neptune's Trident
Item → Legend says this Trident once belonged to the God of the sea himself, Neptune! The power of the waves become yours to behold with this watery weapon! The first of the new Neptune's set! Only 500 of this item will ever be available!

Item → Pegasus Wings
Item → With these wings, you can soar with eagles and other flying horses! They grant you the ability to double jump with a majestic burst of feathers and magic!

Item → Silver 100K Milestone Plaque
Item → Some say, if you subscribe to the official Growtopia YouTube channel, you may become part of a secret society. 99,999 other users suddenly pretend not to know anything.

Item → Golden 100K Milestone Plaque
Item → Some say, if you subscribe to the official Growtopia YouTube channel, you may become part of a secret society. 99,999 other users suddenly pretend not to know anything.

Item → null_item9766
Item → null_item9768
Item → null_item9770
Item → null_item9772
Item → null_item9774
Item → null_item9776
Item → null_item9778
Item → null_item9780
Item → null_item9782
Item → null_item9784
Item → null_item9786
Item → null_item9788
Item → null_item9790
Item → null_item9792
Item → null_item9794
Item → null_item9796
Item → null_item9798
Item → null_item9800
Item → null_item9802
Item → null_item9804
Item → null_item9806
Item → null_item9808
Item → null_item9810
Item → null_item9812
Item → null_item9814
Item → null_item9816
Item → null_item9818
Item → null_item9820
Item → null_item9822
Item → null_item9824
Item → null_item9826
Item → null_item9828
Item → null_item9830
Item → null_item9832
Item → null_item9834
Item → null_item9836
Item → null_item9838
Item → null_item9840
Item → null_item9842
Item → null_item9844
Item → null_item9846
Item → null_item9848
Item → null_item9850
Item → null_item9852
Item → null_item9854
Item → null_item9856
Item → null_item9858
Item → null_item9860
Item → null_item9862
Item → null_item9864
Item → null_item9866
Item → null_item9868
Item → null_item9870
Item → null_item9872
Item → null_item9874
Item → null_item9876
Item → null_item9878
Item → null_item9880
Item → null_item9882
Item → null_item9884
Item → null_item9886
Item → null_item9888
Item → null_item9890
Item → null_item9892
Item → null_item9894
Item → null_item9896
Item → null_item9898
Item → null_item9900
Item → null_item9902
Item → null_item9904
Item → null_item9906
Item → null_item9908
Item → null_item9910
Item → null_item9912
Item → null_item9914
Item → null_item9916
Item → null_item9918
Item → null_item9920
Item → null_item9922
Item → null_item9924
Item → null_item9926
Item → null_item9928
Item → null_item9930
Item → null_item9932
Item → null_item9934
Item → null_item9936
Item → null_item9938
Item → null_item9940
Item → null_item9942
Item → null_item9944
Item → null_item9946
Item → null_item9948
Item → null_item9950
Item → null_item9952
Item → null_item9954
Item → null_item9956
Item → null_item9958
Item → null_item9960
Item → null_item9962
Item → null_item9964
Item → null_item9966
Item → null_item9968
Item → null_item9970
Item → null_item9972
Item → null_item9974
Item → null_item9976
Item → null_item9978
Item → null_item9980
Item → null_item9982
Item → null_item9984
Item → null_item9986
Item → null_item9988
Item → null_item9990
Item → null_item9992
Item → null_item9994
Item → null_item9996
Item → null_item9998
Item → null_item10000
Item → null_item10002
Item → Super Summer Surprise
Item → Smash it for Summerfest goodies! Has increased chances of getting super valuable rewards.

Item → Cow Mask
Item → Something about this mask is udderly hilarious. Chosen by CowCrash, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for June, 2020!

Item → Legendary Clash Key - Series 3
Item → A key to a mysterious treasure! This key is for Clash Series 3, running from Summer Clash 2020 through Spring Clash 2021. After three seasons, those who collect at least 10 of these keys will be able to open a special treasure chest. Make sure you have enough - just one won't do it!

Item → Rollback Plaque VI
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards yet again, the database burned to bits, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. July 2020

Item → null_item10012
Item → null_item10014
Item → null_item10016
Item → null_item10018
Item → null_item10020
Item → Rollback Plaque VII
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards yet again, the economy burned to bits, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. July 2020 part 2!

Item → Troll Mask
Item → A great mask for troll'ing and lol'ing in equal measure! Chosen by Slenor, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for July, 2020!

Item → Axolotl Scarf
Item → Nothing keeps you both warm and stylish like a living breathing Axolotl scarf! So cute, so warm, which is weird as Axolotl's are actually cold blooded! 

Item → Axolotl Hood
Item → The perfect item for when you wake up in the morning and think, "I really want to dress like an Axolotl today, especially my head"!

Item → Axolotl Onesie
Item → The perfect item for when you wake up in the morning and think, "I really want to dress like an Axolotl today".

Item → Axolotl Slippers
Item → Cute slippers for when you want your feet to look like Axolotl's! Don't go stepping on real Axolotl's by mistake though!

Item → Axolotl Hoodie
Item → For when your brain says dress practical but your heart says dress like a cute amphibian! With this hoodie you get the best of both worlds.

Item → Waist Tied Sweater - Green
Item → A sweater tied around your waist like a little cape for your butt!

Item → Waist Tied Sweater - Red
Item → A sweater tied around your waist like a little cape for your butt!

Item → Waist Tied Sweater - Blue
Item → A sweater tied around your waist like a little cape for your butt!

Item → Waist Tied Sweater - Yellow
Item → A sweater tied around your waist like a little cape for your butt!

Item → Golem's Gift
Item → A cool pair of shoes that give you the golem's gift to manipulate the very earth around you!

Item → Growboy
Item → Bask in the nostalgic green screened goodness of the Growboy! A portable gaming device that packs a punch. Now you're playing with GrowPower!

Item → Tactical Stealth Espionage Device
Item → This is Growtech's latest innovation on tactical espionage! Using the latest in scientific breakthroughs, this device allows you to seamlessly disguise yourself as...a cardboard box!

Item → Really Dangerous Pet Llama
Item → This Llama is ready for anything Growtopia throws at it! Armed with a silo of Growtech Missiles, experimental Growtech hardened steel armor and a rather snazzy helmet (Llama's own) this Llama is Dangerous with a capital D!

Item → Eldritch Crossbow
Item → A mysterious Eldritch flame binds itself to each and every arrow loaded into this crossbow. Some say the flame will burn forever, some claim it's actually powered by AA batteries but who really knows!

Item → Zodiac Wings
Item → The power of the Zodiac fills your body. The 12 signs align perfectly and allow you to not only reach for the stars but jump amongst them as well!

Item → Ghost Block
Item → A slimy ghost block. Careful now, what did your mother say about stepping on ghosts? You step on a ghost and you get SLIMED! So the choice is yours. Really!

Item → Infinity Weather Machine
Item → Imagine being able to predict the weather?! Well, with the Infinity Weather Machine you can! Add multiple Weather Machines to this machine and have them play on a loop, like a weather mix tape, kind of!

Item → Creepy Baby Gate
Item → It's freaky, it's creepy, it's all together quite disturbing! It's what every Growtopian needs...a really giant baby faced gate! 

Item → Console Appreciation Plaque
Item → A huge thank you for all the Growtopians who played on the consoles! We truly appreciate each and every one of you!

Item → Capuchin Leash
Item → An adorable pet Capuchin armed to the back teeth with enough bananas to feed an entire planet of apes! Remember what to say if they try to steal your coffee... Capuchin-no!

Item → Riding Gorilla
Item → A tamed great ape; both majestic and powerful! Command him to throw great clumps of earth as you speed through the world together on your adventures!

Item → Pet Sock
Item → Ever wondered what happens to all those socks that get lost in the washing machine? Well they appear in Growtopia! Honestly! This friendly little sock is happy he's found a friend in you!

Item → Buffalo Leash
Item → This little Buffalo is the perfect companion for wandering the vast open plains of Growtopia!

Item → OMG Mannequin
Item → Dress up your OMG Mannequin with all your favorite clothes! Use your Wrench to change the sign on it.

Item → SAD Mannequin
Item → Dress up your SAD Mannequin with all your favorite clothes! Use your Wrench to change the sign on it.

Item → LOL Mannequin
Item → Dress up your LOL Mannequin with all your favorite clothes! Use your Wrench to change the sign on it.

Item → TROLL Mannequin
Item → Dress up your TROLL Mannequin with all your favorite clothes! Use your Wrench to change the sign on it.

Item → Tied-up Buns
Item → Tightly tied hair buns fresh from the oven! Delicious with hot butter and hair gel! Probably best to wear and not eat actually!

Item → Tousled Hair
Item → Step out of the shower, shake your head and you are ready to go with this effortless natural tousled hair style!

Item → Anime Male Hair
Item → Be the star of screen and comic with this awesome hair style!

Item → Anime Female Hair
Item → Be the star of screen and comic with this awesome hair style!

Item → Long Nose
Item → Be the Growtopian with the long nose who knows! Just don't go sticking it into other peoples business!

Item → Handlebar Mustache
Item → Probably the best mustache named after the part you hold onto on a bicycle!

Item → Big Chin
Item → This is a rugged chin! Good for scratching when you're out of ideas and other things that a giant chin is good for!

Item → Puppy Dog Eyes
Item → No one will be able to resist these puppy dog eyes! The perfect balance between sad and OMG CUTE!!

Item → Rosy Cheeks
Item → A healthy, rosy glow for your Growtopian. Add a little colour to your face with these.

Item → Walrus Mustache
Item → A mustache that doesn't really look like a Walrus but would probably look great on one... as well as yourself!

Item → Showman's Mustache
Item → Roll Up! Roll Up! Come and see the greatest facial hair on the planet! Never knowingly undersold, this mustache is for the showman in all of us!

Item → Golden Cuff Beard
Item → Pharaoh's style beard complete with a golden cuff to give that air of greatness that anyone with this sort of beard deserves!

Item → Omegalul
Item → A face for when you really, really, really gotta LOL!

Item → Growmoji Wow Mask
Item → A totally non creepy mask to give those facial muscles a rest when you want everyone to know you are feeling totally WOW!

Item → Growmoji Lol Mask
Item → A totally non creepy mask to give those facial muscles a rest when you want everyone to know you are feeling totally LOL!

Item → Growmoji Cool Shades Mask
Item → A totally non creepy mask to give those facial muscles a rest when you want everyone to know you are feeling like totally Cool Shades all day!

Item → Growmoji Sick Mask
Item → A totally non creepy mask to give those facial muscles a rest when you want everyone to know you are feeling totally sick... maybe best keep the mask on until you feel better or even better put your feetup and rest!

Item → Growmoji Eyes
Item → Make your chat eye-poppin'! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Weary
Item → Add some weary vibes to your chat! Just consume this to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → null_item10118
Item → null_item10120
Item → null_item10122
Item → null_item10124
Item → null_item10126
Item → Mechanical Butler
Item → The Teabot 3000 Mechanical Butler is perfect for all your buttling needs! This ever faithful companion is always on hand for when you need a refreshing cup of tea or wish to throw said refreshing cup of tea over a friend... or foe!

Item → Sun Shooter Bow
Item → This bow is too hot to handle! Each arrow is propelled forward with the force of a 1000 suns guiding them to their destiny! A truly carbon neutral energy source for a weapon! 

Item → Yin Yang Pendant
Item → A pendant that Yin's just as much as it Yang's! Wearing this will keep you in perfect balance with nature, while making you run so fast you'll be missing most of it!

Item → Peace Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Longevity Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Prosperity Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Balance Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Mooncake Shoes
Item → New Balance Mooncake shoes! Good on all terrain, hard wearing and also yummy! Seriously, don't eat them! Who knows what you have stepped in!

Item → Moon Watcher Mask
Item → Watch the Moon in style with this mask which also makes you look a little like an awesome super hero!

Item → Harmony Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Harvest Shawl
Item → A cape made of golden autumn leaves sprinkled with a little harvest magic! This cape goes wherever the wind blows.

Item → Purity Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Mystic Record Player
Item → This mystic record player will transport you to far off lands with an enchanting melody. Just punch it to play the tune. Note : please do not punch record players outside of Growtopia, it will hurt and no music will play!

Item → Lotus Lamp
Item → Light up the harvest with this lovely lotus lamp. Perfect for illuminating evening Mooncake hunting sessions.

Item → Jade Brick Background
Item → If you're after a wall made of Jade Bricks then this is for you! It's a wall made of bricks which are made of Jade afterall!

Item → Mooncake Magnificence
Item → A Magnificent Mooncake Pendant! When equipped, this magical pendant emits a balanced glow that responds in harmony with Balance Mooncakes. Whenever a Balance Mooncake is found it has a chance of multiplying the quantity but also breaking. However it repels Peace, Harmony, Prosperity and Longevity Mooncakes making them less likely to be found when harvesting trees.

Item → Owl Mask
Item → Get suited and "hooted" and dress like an owl! Feathery finery for the discerning owl-ficionado!

Item → Owl Suit
Item → Get suited and "hooted" and dress like an owl! Feathery finery for the discerning owl-ficionado!

Item → Ancestor Mooncake Hat
Item → What better to wear when hunting for Mooncakes than a Mooncake hat! There's one for each Mooncake type so keep a look out for all of them.

Item → Haunted Jack O' Lantern
Item → Some spooky Growtopia magic is at play here! When equipped, your head is totally transformed into a floating, flaming, haunted pumpkin! Thankfully, it follows you wherever you go! Perfect for the spooky season!

Item → Bling Wings
Item → A pair of blingingly awesome wings! The glitz and glamor of these are exemplified by a trail of gems... these are not real gems by the way, that would be just silly! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 7th, 2021.

Item → Aqua Wings
Item → Cause a splash with these Aqua Wings! They are so realistic, even a few fish have managed to sneak into them... they are flying fish now!

Item → Neon Wings
Item → Light up the town in style! Don't question how neon lights make you fly, just go with the glow and touch the sky!

Item → Raccoon Hat
Item → There's something good to be said about a furry Raccoon for your head! Chosen by NVISIBLE, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for August, 2020!

Item → null_item10176
Item → Growtopia Fried Wings
Item → Wings to make your tummy rumble! These deep fried wings are literally straight from the oven! Covered in a golden breadcrumb made with a secret mix of Growtopia herbs and spices, cooked to create the perfect balance between flavor and aerodynamics!

Item → Party Plume Wings
Item → A wing with some serious plumage! Surprise and dazzle Growtopians with this vibrant display of color and feathers. The Peacock has to be one of nature's biggest show offs, now you can be as well as you take to the dancefloor with your party plume!

Item → Musical Wings
Item → Musical wings for marauding Maestros! Wrench yourself to set a tune with these equipped, then walk along to play back the tune! It's how Beethoven would have composed music if Growtopia had existed all those years ago... probably.

Item → Dark Sunset Cape
Item → A cape made from threads of a million dying suns! I bet you didn't know that suns were made of thread did you!

Item → Darkest Skull Parasol
Item → A Parasol for those with only the darkest of souls! A dark combination of rocket powered skulls to thrust you high into the chilly night air!

Item → Ghoulish Wings
Item → Get your Ghoul on! A mystery gas surrounds you and elevates you skyward... not sure where this gas comes from?!

Item → Spooky Display Shelf
Item → The perfect piece of furniture for the discerning haunted mansion owner! They can hold four items to display.

Item → Haunted Portrait
Item → Ever get the feeling you're being watched? Some say this portrait is cursed and some don't stay in it's prescence long enough to form any opinion! It's certainly spooky though!

Item → Shady Sales Shades
Item → Super Pumpkin Party ready shades! Perfect for any Halloween party or any other occasion actually!

Item → Twisted Windows
Item → Perfect for the debonair haunted mansion owner!

Item → Twisted Roof
Item → A twisted gothic roof! I guess it's perfect for all your twisted gothic building needs then!

Item → Twisted Wood Planks
Item → Twisted and wooden and plank like! Perfect for when you need a twisted wooden plank!

Item → Twisted Mansion Door
Item → Carved from cursed stone! Some say if you listen in the dead of night you can hear a heartbeat as if it were alive! Like any door, but spooky, you can wrench it to set the destination.

Item → Creepy Baby Suit
Item → If you ever need to dress as a creepy baby then you're in luck! This item is perfect for all occasion's.

Item → Demogorgon Mask
Item → Perfect Spelunking while looking a bit scary at the same time! Light up the darkest in spooky style.

Item → Morbid Hand
Item → Be careful where you step! You just don't know who you might wake from their eternal slumber !

Item → Cloak of Equilibrium
Item → A perfectly balanced cloak! Half infused with power by the sun and half by the moon!

Item → Infested Hair
Item → Eugh! Time to buy some new shampoo! Infested and probably rather also rather smelly... perfect for Halloween!

Item → Lost Startopian Helmet
Item → Perfect for celebrating the spooky season while also commanding a spaceship!

Item → Frankenstein's Monster Mask
Item → Scare the villagers away with this perfectly spooky mask! Slightly reduces items required for Farmer Role quests!

Item → Trawlerman's Friend
Item → Not to everyone's taste that's for sure! This "yummy" treat gets bites twice as often.

Item → Fossilized Spirit Block
Item → A block that only a true ghost hunter and see clearly!

Item → Druid's Crown
Item → A dark, dark crown for a dark, dark Druid! For when you are in one of those, "leave me alone" moods!

Item → Druid's Mask
Item → A dark, dark mask for a dark, dark Druid! For when you are in one of those, "leave me alone" moods!

Item → Druid's Robes
Item → A dark, dark robe for a dark, dark Druid! For when you are in one of those, "leave me alone" moods!

Item → Mooncake Bundle
Item → A lovely assortment of delicious Mooncakes straight from the oven!

Item → Cyber Punk Mask
Item → A futuristic Cyber Punk mask, perfect for wearing everyday! Chosen by macmacxd22, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for September, 2020!

Item → Reanimated Howly Hat
Item → Awooo! The mad scientists at Growtech have reanimated this beast! It's pretty angry what with having to be carried around on your head all day long!

Item → Twisted Wooden Block
Item → Twisted and wooden and blocky! Perfect for a haunted house!

Item → Zombie Horse
Item → A zombified flaming horse to terrorize the town with! With hooves of flame, this fiery steed is perfect for the spooky season!

Item → Superpower - Defeated
Item → You Lost in a spuerpower card PVP battle. Take some time to rest before trying another fight.

Item → Fluff
Item → Lovely hat fluff! For making a special hat.

Item → Brim
Item → Lovely hat Brim! For making a special hat.

Item → Frosting
Item → Lovely hat Frosting! For making a special hat.

Item → Celestial Dragon Charm
Item → An ancient and valuable charm, passed between Dragons and their masters for as long as time remembers. Wearing it will invoke the spirit and power of the revered Celestial Dragon! A Dragon of legend who had the power to control the sun, the moon and the stars!

Item → Riding RV
Item → A rapid, revving, recreation vehicle! Sit atop this automotive icon and cruise from coast to coast in comfort and style!

Item → Ultra Sportsball Bat
Item → A bat with some serious power! Imagine the scene... it's the last ball of the game. A Growtopian steps up to bat... what's that? It's an enormous floating shiny metal bat! He hits a HOME RUN and sends the ball into ORBIT and wins the game!

Item → American Sports Ball Jersey
Item → Call the plays, be the Quarterback, get involved in some serious contact sport with this Jersey! Earn some Quarterback's money with this equipped. You are the MVP, maybe even the GOAT... but not the Llama!

Item → Dining Table
Item → Grab your friends, grab some tasty food and drinks and sit down with your friends together at this infinitely extendable table! Perfect for when your extended Growtopian family comes to visit!

Item → Presidential Beard
Item → A truly presidential piece of facial hair! This beard has passed more bills than someone passing by the world's largest gathering of people named William!

Item → Pigeon
Item → Used as spies during times of conflict, this humble Pigeon is ready to watch over your worlds! It's much less messy than a real Pigeon as well!

Item → All You Can Eat Bib
Item → Did somebody say FOOD FIGHT?! It's an "all you can eat" and also an "all you can throw" bib! It automatically cleans itself too. So, it's very eco-friendly!

Item → Thanksgiving Dinner Fishing Rod
Item → A rod of such great finery!

Item → Turkey Fish
Item → This is a 1 lb. Turkey Fish. Is it a Turkey? Is it a fish? Some even say it's a Zebra! Grow only knows what it is really! It looks quite poisonous but also like you want to pet it... probably best leave it be though!

Item → null_item10266
Item → Sweet Potato
Item → It's a Potato but it's soooooo much sweeter, kinda!

Item → Sweet Potato Tots
Item → It's like a Tater Tot but err, sweeter I guess! Eating this would probably inspire you to cook a lil' bit better!

Item → Sweet Potato Mash
Item → Whizzed up Sweet Potato. Smooth and lump free, just how we like it!

Item → Crown of Enlightenment
Item → A copper crown, turned green with time! Symbolizes liberty and enlightenment... also looks awesome! Feels like it's part of a set somehow?

Item → Dress of Enlightenment
Item → A copper dress turned green with time! Symbolizes liberty and enlightenment... doesn't look like it would be too easy to move about in! Feels like it's part of a set somehow?

Item → Torch of Enlightenment
Item → A copper torch turned green with time! Symbolizes liberty and enlightenment... also, basically, a cool flame thrower! Feels like it's part of a set somehow? 

Item → Eagle Statue
Item → A proud looking Eagle Statue! This eagle is very much not bald! Look at its fluffy little feathered face!

Item → Presidential Wig
Item → Very much a wig for big wigs! Imagine running a county wearing this? I think the people would laugh and make lots of jokes on the internet about you!

Item → Burger Suit
Item → If you've ever had the burning desire to dress as a juicy, flamed grilled burger, dripping in the perfect combination of ketchup, mustard, crispy lettuce and a lightly toasted bun... then this is for you! Now I'm hungry!

Item → Weather Machine - Celebrity Hills
Item → It's Thanksgiving in Growtopia! Celebrate in Celebrity Hills where dreams are made! This weather machine will let everyone know how glamorous you are!

Item → JackBowe's Koala
Item → They are very cute until they get angry! This little furry guy stands as tribute to all of those who lost their lives in Australian Wild Fires. They will always be remembered. Sponsored by JackBowe for completing all epic quests!

Item → null_item10290
Item → Turkey Sucker
Item → Growtech's latest innovation in Turkey capture, containment and cooking! Use the suction beam to collect and cook Turkeys. WARNING: This item is still experimental, so, it can break. Although, when it does, sometimes you get something special.

Item → Organic Turkey
Item → So fat, so tender, so expensive!!

Item → Neon Oni Mask
Item → Keep safe with this stylish face mask. Chosen by AppleJuz, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for October, 2020!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner - Bronze
Item → You indulged in one of the year's mightiest meals and came away with this fine reward (and maybe a tummyache)! Show off this bronzed Thanksgiving turkey leg in recognition of your feat!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner - Silver
Item → You indulged in one of the year's mightiest meals and came away with this fine reward (and maybe a tummyache)! Show off this silvered Thanksgiving turkey leg in recognition of your feat!

Item → Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner - Gold
Item → You indulged in one of the year's mightiest meals and came away with this fine reward (and maybe a tummyache)! Show off this gilded Thanksgiving turkey leg in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday Cart - Bronze
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this bronzed shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday Cart - Silver
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this silvered shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Black Friday Cart - Gold
Item → You survived the Black Friday stampede. Show off this gilded shopping cart in recognition of your feat!

Item → Cyber Monday Tablet - Bronze
Item → You got high-tech and value-conscious on the best Monday of the year! Show off this bronzed tablet in recognition of your feat!

Item → Cyber Monday Tablet - Silver
Item → You got high-tech and value-conscious on the best Monday of the year! Show off this silvered tablet in recognition of your feat!

Item → Cyber Monday Tablet - Gold
Item → You got high-tech and value-conscious on the best Monday of the year! Show off this gilded tablet in recognition of your feat!

Item → Spooky Window
Item → Perfectly scary windows... some say on the darkest nights spooky figures appear for the blink of an eye! Are you brave to punch it and turn on the lights?

Item → Turkey Feather
Item → A Turkey Feather, thats about it really. Not really too useful on it's own.

Item → Organic Turkey Feather
Item → An Organic Turkey Feather, thats about it really. Not really too useful on it's own.

Item → Spooky Rags
Item → Some very spooky rags, looks like they might be useful for something though.

Item → Spooky Box
Item → A very spooky box, looks like it might be useful for something though.

Item → Spooky Gift
Item → A very spooky gift, looks like it might be useful for something though.

Item → Dark King's Offering
Item → An offering fit for a king or a demon!

Item → Shadow Crown
Item → A Black Friday exclusive Crown! Some kind of evil dark spirit must have infested this crown... on the upside, it does look awesome and it gives you some special powers.

Item → Matrix Aura
Item → A Black Friday exclusive aura! Numbers falling, time collapsing into itself, just another day in Growtopia then!

Item → Black Balrog's Tail
Item → A sword forged from the tail of a mighty demon... only this version is a Black Friday exclusive!

Item → Black Burning Eyes
Item → Need some eyedrops for those? This is a Black Friday exclusive version!

Item → Black Egg Champion Cape
Item → First chauffeurs, now flying cape services? Is there anything these chicks can't do? This is a Black Friday exclusive version.

Item → Tie Dye Hoodie
Item → A Black Friday exclusive hoodie! Looks really comfortable, perfect for lounging around and grabbing a bargain in the sales.

Item → Black Neon Hightops
Item → A Black Friday exclusive pair of hightops! Black and neon is pretty much the perfect combo isn't it?

Item → Vortex Shirt
Item → A Black Friday exclusive shirt! If you've ever wanted a shirt with a sort of vortex effect on it, then you're in luck!

Item → Slouch Beanie
Item → A Black Friday exclusive beanie! It's like a regular beanie but too big, so it slouches at the back... or maybe that's how you wanted it?

Item → Gradient Trenchcoat
Item → A Black Friday exclusive trenchcoat! A couture trench coat, perfect for the catwalk or walking a cat! Look stylish all the time, everytime!

Item → null_item10350
Item → null_item10352
Item → null_item10354
Item → null_item10356
Item → null_item10358
Item → null_item10360
Item → null_item10362
Item → null_item10364
Item → null_item10366
Item → null_item10368
Item → null_item10370
Item → null_item10372
Item → null_item10374
Item → null_item10376
Item → null_item10378
Item → null_item10380
Item → null_item10382
Item → null_item10384
Item → Gift of Growganoth
Item → For giving Growganoth a few gems, it has rewarded you with vast power beyond imagining! Or, perhaps, a random Halloween item. Opening this is equivalent to feeding an item of rarity 75 into the Maw of Growganoth. What you will get is random, so don't open this unless you're ready to be surprised!

Item → Swordfish Sword
Item → If you're angling for a sharp pointy fish to use as a sword, then, this is the one for you! The only thing mightier is the Penfish!

Item → Jet Ski Chariot
Item → For when you really want to show off! Skim across land and sea, performing tricks and stunts to amaze onlookers!

Item → Water Gun Hat
Item → Two water pistols mounted to each side of this hat, will provide more than enough water power to cool off anyone or anything!

Item → Cashback Coupon
Item → A Black Friday Cashback Coupon! Exclusive just for Black Friday weekend! Filled with gems or the chance at a Black Friday Black Box!

Item → Black Friday Black Box
Item → A Black Friday Gift awaits you! It's what Black Friday is all about!

Item → null_item10398
Item → null_item10400
Item → Christmas Tree Sword
Item → Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree, how deadly are thy branches!

Item → Sledding Penguin
Item → The ultimate in giant Penguin transportation!

Item → Staff of Deepest Winter
Item → Wow this staff is cold! Made of the deepest, most wintry snow, and sprinkled with a little Winter magic.

Item → Krampus Crampons
Item → Some Crampons which are so cold they even freeze acid... a bit!

Item → Legendary Lock
Item → A lock of legend! A new world awaits those who use it! Placing the lock will change the weather to something, well, legendary!

Item → Diamond Dust
Item → This locket filled with Diamond dust has the power to transform all who wear it! Tradable since April 25th, 2021.

Item → Sleepy Santa Hat
Item → An olden days hat for sleeping, because, for some reason you wore a hat to bed back then!

Item → Light Up Antlers
Item → Rudolph the red nosed reindeer might have had a very shiny nose, but you've got light up antlers... so you win!

Item → Growch's Nose
Item → A perfect replica of Growch's nose! Well, it would be a bit mean if it was his real one, wouldn't it!

Item → Light Up Pants
Item → Party Pants! These flash, flashing, pants are perfect for a Winterfest party!

Item → Nick's Belly
Item → Someone's been eating all the mince pies! Who? You!

Item → Rift Cape
Item → Rip a hole in the fabric of reality with this amazing Cape! Create two unique looks and use a rift in time and space to change between them. Wrench yourself to customise the Cape. This item is available to buy for 2 days only and then will become available from a new Winterfest system afterwards. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until May 1st, 2021.

Item → Mystic Snow Fox
Item → There are many tales about this many tailed fox! Wearing the tail allows you to change your form into that of the mystic fox of legend itself!

Item → Water Balloon Bandolier
Item → Wear your balloons with pride! Show your fellow Growtopians your love of Balloon Warz and, indeed, water balloons!

Item → Team Tied Jersey - Punch
Item → Wear your team colors proudly with this snazzy Jersey.

Item → Team Tied Jersey - Grow
Item → Wear your team colors proudly with this snazzy Jersey.

Item → Team Tied Jersey - Build
Item → Wear your team colors proudly with this snazzy Jersey.

Item → Dungarees
Item → I'm sure you'll agree that these are a wonderful pair of Dungarees. Chosen by Nabsplays, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for November, 2020.

Item → Snow Leopard Shawl
Item → Made of the finest Faux Snow Leopard Fur. This Shawl is infused with the spirit of a mighty Snow Leopard!

Item → Winter Swept Hair
Item → Wherever you go, you'll always be rocking the windswept look!

Item → Winter Light Launcher
Item → Get ready to spread some winter cheer! You'll be spreading cheer and lights with some vigor with this launcher equipped! Perfect for last minute decorations!

Item → Gavle Goat
Item → A traditional Christmas display in Sweden and equally at home in Growtopia! Punch to light up even the coldest winter nights.

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2020
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar for 2020, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2020
Item → Winterfest 2020 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Diamond Builders Bonanza
Item → This is much easier than owning a diamond mine if you want those ultra shiny Diamond Blocks! Careful, though - blocks don't just come from nothing, and this machine will eventually run out of power once it makes a bunch! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Diamond Builders Bonanza will NOT return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Diamond Builders Bonanza
Item → This mighty machine has run out of fuel, and now lies dormant.

Item → Diamond Dog
Item → This is one luxury Pooch! Although not overly fluffy, it more than makes up for it with its diamond shine!

Item → Mystic Transform Crystal
Item → Use this magical crystal on yourself to change your form and embody the Mystic Snow Fox!

Item → Diamond Brick Background
Item → Perfect for every Growtopians statement home! Imagine how much these would cost in the real world!

Item → Message in a Diamond Bottle
Item → You'd be really lucky if you found one of these washed up on the beach!

Item → Diamond Pineapple
Item → If Pineapples used to be a way of showing off how rich you were, then this is ultimate show off Pineapple!

Item → Diamond Life Ring
Item → A life ring made of diamond probably isn't really very effective, but looks lovely hung on the wall!

Item → Diamond Castle Stone
Item → Diamond, it's perfect for building a castle with. It is one of the toughest materials known to man... also really shiny!

Item → Diamond Castle Stone Background
Item → Diamond, it's perfect for building a castle with. It is one of the toughest materials known to man... also really shiny!

Item → Diamond Castle Turret
Item → Diamond, it's perfect for building a castle with. It is one of the toughest materials known to man... also really shiny!

Item → Diamond Manor House
Item → If you're looking to build an entire manor house made of diamonds... this is for you!

Item → Diamond Manor House Background
Item → If you're looking to build an entire manor house made of diamonds... this is for you!

Item → Diamond Regal Stairs
Item → The most regal of all regal Stairs... also made of Diamond!

Item → Diamond Regal Bannister
Item → The most regal of all regal Bannisters... also made of Diamond!

Item → Diamond Fiesta Block
Item → Perfect for a Diamond Fiesta!

Item → Diamond Dolphin
Item → No summer holiday is complete without a dip in the water with an inflatable Diamond Dolphin! Ok, so that's probably not true in real life but in Growtopia everything is possible!

Item → Diamond Mondrian Block
Item → A bright blocky and very shiney tableau.

Item → Snowy Tree Block
Item → A block to remind you of long walks in the snow and all the trees to hide behind when snowball fighting!

Item → Snowy Fence
Item → A snowy fence, perfect for keeping unwanted visitors away while also looking pretty and wintry.

Item → Ultra Performance Enhancing Hot Cocoa
Item → Enhances the performance of the 'Balloon-Frosting War Gloves' by increasing the points gained for every hit. Lasts for 15 minutes but doesn't stack with the bonus points granted by a Power Play.

Item → Radical Rollers
Item → Get radical! These light up roller skates put the party in every step you take and add the disco to every move you make! Great for a /dance.

Item → Walktopian
Item → Listen to some banging tunes while you walk... man!

Item → Crown of the Cosmos
Item → This crown allows you to harness the power of the Cosmos! Putting you right at the center of everything!

Item → Candy Cane Scythe
Item → Probably the deadliest Candy Cane ever made! Fling some festive cheer and razor sharp candy... what better way to celebrate the Holidays!

Item → Snow Aura
Item → Your very own personal snow cloud! Take Winter with you, wherever you go. If you wait long enough, you might even see a snowman.

Item → Neon Tree Aura
Item → Get the Winterfest Party started with the Neon Tree Aura! Perfect for a night out on the frozen tiles.

Item → Zamgrowni
Item → To be Frank, this ice resurfacing machine has a cool name! Although, this one doesn't resurface ice, it does harvest trees!

Item → Spruce Goose
Item → Nothing like a spruce green goose to get you in the holiday mood! Honk! Honk!

Item → Winterfest Lantern
Item → A festive lantern to brighten even the darkest winter night!

Item → Gingerbread Sweater
Item → Kind of ugly. Kind of cool. Made of gingerbread... and wool.

Item → Giant Red Bow
Item → If you have a massive present that needs a finishing touch, then, this is perfect!

Item → Open Present Block
Item → A memory of an awesome gift!

Item → Giant Festival Lantern
Item → Celebrate the Winter season festivals with this lantern!

Item → Windup Musical Box
Item → A nostalgic musical box... almost a little creepy somehow though!

Item → Gingerbread Man Onesie
Item → A one stop shop for looking a bit like a Gingerbread Man... if that's what you want!

Item → Gingerbread Man Mask
Item → Weird, creepy and slightly sinister! It's perfect to wear with a Gingerbread Man Onesie!

Item → Winter Colonel Beard
Item → Perfect for wearing when creating a secret mix of winter herbs and spices!

Item → Electric Guitar
Item → You can't punch when holding this, you're too busy ROCKING OUT! Punch anywhere to play music. If you punch to your left or right, you can bend the note higher or lower. Punch in your own column to play the same notes that Sheet Music: Piano Note plays.

Item → Sheet Music: Electric Guitar
Item → Ready to rock out! This sheet will play a Electric Guitar note for you, as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Electric Guitar
Item → This sheet will play a Electric Guitar note for you - a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Electric Guitar - as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Electric Guitar
Item → This sheet will play a Electric Guitar note for you - a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Electric Guitar - as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Confetti Jump Pack
Item → This retro jump pack will propel you to euphoric heights!

Item → Special Winter Wish
Item → A stocking filled with all your winter wishes and maybe even more!!

Item → Winter Wish
Item → A stocking filled with all your winter wishes and maybe more!

Item → Winter Wish Wand
Item → This magical wand will make your Winterfest extra special by adding 300 wishes to your Winter Wish List Progress!

Item → Playful Pitchfork
Item → Be careful who you poke with it! Chosen by ReddMA, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for December, 2020.

Item → 8th Anniversary Block
Item → EIGHT YEARS! They just keep coming! We are going full on eight'ies this year. So, as a thank you for your continued support, please join us in celebrating this monumental achievement with this beautiful 80's block!

Item → Roobux Cube
Item → Roobux, the 80s sensation, still going strong today! This one is easier to complete though!

Item → Retro Jacket
Item → Retro chic goodness. Denim will never go out of fashion!

Item → Retro Leg Warmers
Item → Good for partying and keeping your legs warm at the same time!

Item → Black Display Shelf
Item → Made of the finest, imitation, Black Ash! Why not display your favorite items on them? They can hold four items to display.

Item → Retro Tape Block
Item → The perfect tape, never gets tangled in the machine. You can stand on this one without it breaking as well!

Item → Retro Record Block
Item → The perfect vinyl record, never scratches! Pretend to be a rockstar and hang loads of them up to impress your friends.

Item → Retro Pattern Block
Item → If you're after some 1980's style for building, then this is the block for you!

Item → Retro Pattern Background
Item → If you're after some 1980's style for building backgrounds with, then this is the background for you!

Item → Rainbow Tutu
Item → Choo Choo! With this Tutu you can board to party train to Disco Town! Calling at Party Central, Dancefloor Downs and Diva District!

Item → White Suit Jacket
Item → Strut your stuff in this 1980's inspired look. The perfect day/night combination!

Item → Tetra T-Shirt
Item → The most stylish and disco-like of fish make for the perfect T-shirt!

Item → Retro Computer
Item → An icon of technology! It may not be able to play Growtopia but it does save your progress! Boot up some retro-tech!

Item → Rave Safe Mask
Item → Rave long, rave hard, rave safe!

Item → Rollback Plaque VIII
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. December 2020!

Item → WOTD Trophy 2021
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2021.

Item → Draconic Soul Aura
Item → The flames of a Draconic presence imbue you with power! The flames burn into your very soul, you are starting to become one with the Draconic kind! There are only 800 in existence!

Item → Mystic Battle Lance
Item → A traditional and ancient weapon. Cast of molten steel, this fiery lance, from a fiery furnace, wreaks fiery fury with every attack! There are only 500 in existence!

Item → Year of the Ox Mask
Item → The ox is the second of the zodiac animals. Limited only to the year of the ox! Myth has it, that order of the Zodiac animals, was determined by a race. The mighty ox, adept on land and water, was leading until a sneaky rat jumped from its back as they crossed the line, unfairly, winning the race!

Item → Year of The Ox Statue
Item → A statue of the zodiac ox! Growtopians born in the Year of the Ox are strong, reliable, fair and conscientious.

Item → Dynasty Vase
Item → The ancient mystics at Growtech designed this many moons ago. Recently discovered, it's proving quite useful ! Unfortunately, those pesky untradeable items can't be placed here! Note: Only World Lock owners can use this item.

Item → Oxen Battle Helm
Item → Strong, hardy and reliable! This item has all the attributes of those who are born under the sign of the Zodiac Ox!

Item → Oxen Battle Shirt
Item → Strong, hardy and reliable! This item has all the attributes of those who are born under the sign of the Zodiac Ox!

Item → Oxen Battle Pants
Item → Strong, hardy and reliable! This item has all the attributes of those who are born under the sign of the Zodiac Ox!

Item → Oxen Battle Boots
Item → Strong, hardy and reliable! This item has all the attributes of those who are born under the sign of the Zodiac Ox!

Item → Golden Ox Pendant
Item → A mystic golden charm. Both ancient and ageless, this is said to instill the work ethic of the Ox in whoever should wear it!

Item → Great Wall of Growtopia
Item → This is a really great wall isn't it? Good for keeping pesky Growtopians out and to the same degree, in! Visible from space, if internet rumors are to be believed!

Item → Terracotta Growtopian
Item → Build your own Growtopian Terracotta Army! Something makes me think these guys come to life when you're not looking. Creepy.

Item → 2014 - Zodiac Year of the Horse
Item → A very special year was the Year of the Horse! Growtopians born in this year as said to be warm-hearted, enthusiastic, and positive. The horse can be seen as the symbol of independence and freedom! Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2015 - Zodiac Year of the Goat
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Goat are be believed to be gentle, mild-mannered, shy, stable, sympathetic and amicable. They are said to have delicate thoughts, strong creativity, and perseverance! Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2016 - Zodiac Year of the Monkey
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Monkey have magnetic personalities and are witty and intelligent! They can also be mischievous and are masters of the practical joke! Cheeky Monkey! Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2017 - Zodiac Year of the Rooster
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Rooster are observant and hardworking. They are resourceful, courageous, and talented. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2018 - Zodiac Year of the Dog
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Dog are loyal and honest, amiable and kind, cautious and prudent. They have a strong sense of loyalty and sincerity. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2019 - Zodiac Year of the Pig
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Pig are diligent, compassionate, and realistic! They devote energy to achieving goals and like to see things through to completion. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2020 - Zodiac Year of the Rat
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Rat are clever and quick thinkers! They can be strong-willed, and ambitious as well. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → 2021 - Zodiac Year of the Ox
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Ox are strong, reliable, fair and conscientious, inspiring confidence in others. They believe in themselves and can be stubborn... as an ox! Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → Year of the Ox Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Perilous Pirate Ship
Item → Set forth on your buccaneering adventures on this, most magnificent of vessels, The Flying Growtopian! Your personal pirate ship will accompany you everywhere. Some kind of unknown marauding magic allows it to transform in size and shape as you command! Pretty nifty if you ask me!

Item → Magical Captain's Compass
Item → Use this magical compass on yourself to command your ship to change form!

Item → Stylish Draped Trench Coat
Item → The most sylish way to wear your trench coat... To not actually wear it but instead, drape it over your shoulder like you're a coat rack. Chosen by Dispersing, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for January, 2021!

Item → King of Hearts
Item → They're going to lose their heads, for painting the roses red...

Item → Rose Rifle
Item → A shot straight to the heart.

Item → Date
Item → It's lovely to have a date with a good friend and just be silly.

Item → Love Lawn
Item → A lovely looking lawn.

Item → Silk Scarf
Item → The finest silk was once weaved for a great goddess but now it adorns your shoulders.

Item → Golden Silk Scarf
Item → The finest silk was once weaved for a great goddess but now it adorns your shoulders. Imbued with the goddess' power, this scarf will lift you through the air and make your feet glide lightly wherever they fall.

Item → Heart Wallpaper
Item → Loving the new wallpaper.

Item → Love Eyes
Item → All you can see is love, love, love...

Item → Heart Antennae Headband
Item → My loving senses are tingling... there must be someone nearby that needs some loving. Better go give them a hug! Can be transformed into a hat by combining 1 Heart Antennae Headband, 1 Transmog Crystal, and 10 Candy Hearts in a Chemical Combiner.

Item → Eternal Rose
Item → This rose has been suspended in stasis.

Item → Golden Heart Aura
Item → This aura marks you with love and adoration, healing you quickly with the power of the heart and propelling you through the air!

Item → Love Ladder
Item → They say love is like a ladder, it gets you high but if you not gentle with it you will fall and it will leave you broken.

Item → Pink Teddy Suit
Item → Cuddly Pink Teddy Suit.

Item → Pink Teddy Mask
Item → Cuddly Pink Teddy Mask.

Item → Love Charged Hands
Item → That's the power of love!

Item → Love Portal
Item → Be transported in love.

Item → Well of Love
Item → This Well Of Love grants you the one best item out of a stack of Golden Booty Chests. Once the well is full it will provide Pure Love Essence that doubles the chance of getting a Golden Heart Crystal when opening Golden Booty Chests, Super Golden Booty Chests and Heartstones.

Item → Dry Well of Love
Item → This once was a Well of Love,<CR>That granted gifts to all,<CR>But along came a growtopian,<CR>Who dropped golden booty in,<CR>And now it does nothing at all.

Item → Pure Love Essence
Item → Consume to double your chances of getting a Golden Heart Crystal when opening Golden Booty Chests, Super Golden Booty Chests and Heartstones for 30 minutes.

Item → Tattooed Muscles
Item → Ripped muscles with tattoos.

Item → Great Turret of Growtopia
Item → This great turret would look great with a great wall...Awesome!

Item → Grow Air Balloon
Item → Go anywhere the wind takes you with your very own hot air balloon! The balloon style changes when you equip it. So, may you find the balloon that's just right for you!

Item → null_item10668
Item → Bow of the Rainbow
Item → The most rainbow'y rainbow bow of all the rainbow bows ever created by the rainbow bowyer! If you like rainbows, then this bow is the rainbow bow for you!

Item → My First Grow Spray Fertilizer
Item → Spray a tree to grow it an hour faster.

Item → Crown of Seasons
Item → A crown which grants you the power to change the seasons at will! With this crown, wild things will surely happen! Wrench yourself to modify this item's properties. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until August 1st, 2021.

Item → Shamrock Shuriken
Item → Perfect for a wannabe Shamrock Ninja! Better take "clover", these are sharp!

Item → Hooves of Cernunnos
Item → Will the wild in every step you take! Roots form and wither at your command!

Item → Finias' Red Javelin
Item → One of the Four Treasures of the Tuatha Dé Danann! This Javelin was said to never miss its target! Is it myth? Is it legend? Well, what are you waiting for? Throw the thing!

Item → Green Fountain
Item → A glorious green fountain... probably wouldn't drink the water, who knows what's making it that colour!

Item → Mothman Wings
Item → Urban Myth? Legend? Monster created from our condition to fear the unknown? Or just super awesome moth wings... you decide!

Item → Shady Agent Shades
Item → Is it me, or is that UFO following me? Wait... am I the alien?

Item → Cardboard Nessie
Item → Some say that the Loch Ness Monster is real. Others, that it's a hoax and was actually a cardboard cut out. We say, Cardboard Nessie for the win!

Item → Swamp Monster Onesie
Item → A myth and legend the world over! As old as time itself but even more slimy! Wearing the full suit leaves a mysterious trail of slime behind you!

Item → Swamp Monster Head
Item → A myth and legend the world over! As old as time itself but even more slimy! Wearing the full suit leaves a mysterious trail of slime behind you!

Item → Mini Minokawa
Item → A Mini Minokawa! A mythical, and very much legendary, bird from the Philippines! People believed the creature was so big that it ate the sun and caused eclipses. This one isn't so big but it's still pretty cool!

Item → Shamrock Bouncing Buddy
Item → Look at its little bouncy face! Bounce to your heart's content! They won't mind, we promise!

Item → Shamrock Lights
Item → Perfectly suited to St Patrick's day and, indeed, any time you want to rock some shamrock lights!

Item → Green Curtains
Item → Fabulous Green curtains, which you punch to open! We do not recommend punching curtains in real life to open them though, that would be dangerous!

Item → Cottage Doorway
Item → A very traditional cottage door. Who know's what world of quaint wonder lies within. This can only be spliced during St Patricks event.

Item → Clover Fan
Item → A super powerful clover fan! Probably best not to use in small spaces as that was quite the kerfuffle!

Item → Wax Jacket
Item → The perfect jacket for taking a stroll in the country. Either yomping over dale with your trusty companion or atop a hill surveying your land, this is the look for you.

Item → St Patrick's Celebration Wallpaper White
Item → No party is complete without some themed wallpaper! Maybe I don't get invited to the right sort of parties?

Item → St Patrick's Celebration Wallpaper Green
Item → No party is complete without some themed wallpaper! Maybe I don't get invited to the right sort of parties?

Item → Feathered Pauldrons
Item → An ornate set of pauldrons adorned with feathers and emblazoned with a ruby in the center. Chosen by Atatip, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for February, 2021!

Item → Steampunk Arm
Item → Turn the hands of time with this hand of time.

Item → Easter Mission Item
Item → This mystery item will be only be revealed through the Easter event!

Item → Grow X Rocket Wings
Item → Take off on a mission to Mars, or wherever your imagination takes you! These rocket wings use the latest in renewable energy, are kind to the environment, and approved for commercial space flight!

Item → Easter Jeepney
Item → This popular form of public transport has been given an Easter makeover! All aboard for adventure! Disclaimer... this only actually carries one person but hey it's you, so, you win!

Item → Bunny Ear Magnifying Glass
Item → A little bit of detective noir given the Growtopia treatment! Perfect for solving crimes and finding eggs! Careful where you point it as those sun rays are hot!

Item → Lil Growpeep's Baaaa Blaster
Item → The latest in undercover sheep herding technology! The latest innovation from Growtech. The culmination of decades of research in safe sheep propulsion! No sheep are harmed in the use of this item!

Item → Bloom Aura
Item → Celebrate spring in style, with this blooming good aura!

Item → Home Made Butter Lamb
Item → When your expectations don't quite match your skill level... but all the cuter for it! Be proud of the things you've achieved.

Item → Halfling House
Item → An eco-friendly dwelling. Built into the countryside, this ever expandable abode features dual aspect rooms, natural lighting and open plan living. Does smell a bit like damp and probably leaks when it rains.

Item → Halfling House Roof
Item → An eco-friendly roof. Made of natural materials, bugs and mud! Perfect for those looking to be at one with nature.

Item → Halfling House Door
Item → A door to your eco-house! Made of reclaimed wood. 100% guaranteed to contain dry rot and woodworm.

Item → Fancy Birdbath
Item → A fancy looking birdbath. I bet this would attract fancy looking birds as well... why don't you punch it and find out!

Item → Sheep Hood
Item → If you've been wishing for a sheep hood, then you're in luck, as this is a sheep hood! Perfect when combined with a Sheep Onesie!

Item → Sheep Onesie
Item → A real wool onesie, probably really warm but thats the price you pay for the chic sheep look you're rocking when you wear it.

Item → Easter Spring
Item → Spring has sprung... as has this terrible pun!

Item → Detective Butter Lamb
Item → Detective Butter Lamb is on the case! Use this item see a random sewing recipe a bolt is used in!

Item → Failed Butter Lamb
Item → I'm not sure you've cooked this correctly! Are you sure you used butter? Sometimes it's hard to believe it's not butter. Might as well place it in your world to remind you that perfection takes time!

Item → One Winged Angel
Item → This single wing is a symbol for all those who strive to overcome adversity, no matter what the odds. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until August 25th, 2021.

Item → Golden Leprechaun Hat
Item → You've taken the Leprechaun look up to maximum level! This golden hat, when worn with the Golden Leprechaun Suit item, will give a chance at receiving an extra bonus item when you kiss the Blarney Stone.

Item → Golden Leprechaun Suit
Item → You've taken the Leprechaun look up to maximum level! This golden suit, when worn with the Golden Leprechaun Hat item, will give a chance at receiving an extra bonus item when you kiss the Blarney Stone.

Item → Helping Hand
Item → Nobody knows how or why this helpful little hand does what it does but for some reason its grown a liking for you. It will help in every way possible with a helpful serving of attitude on the side.

Item → Golden Egg Carton
Item → A very special carton of Easter treats! This item contains one Golden Egg Shard, including the Rare Golden Egg Shard - Top Item. This item also gives an increased chance of obtaining a Rare Easter Egg - Rainbow item!

Item → Waving Inflatable Arm Guy
Item → Great for showing everyone all the amazing things you have to offer! Also just great fun to be around.

Item → Easter Egg - Wooly
Item → A wooly egg... Ask no questions about how this egg was created!!

Item → Easter Egg - Golden
Item → A solid gold egg. Worth its weight in eggs!

Item → Golden Egg Shard - Top
Item → The top of a very special egg. You'll need to find the other parts to make the egg whole again.

Item → Golden Egg Shard - Middle
Item → The middle of a very special egg. You'll need to find the other parts to make the egg whole again.

Item → Golden Egg Shard - Bottom
Item → The bottom of a very special egg. You'll need to find the other parts to make the egg whole again.

Item → Easter Witches Hood
Item → Celebrate Easter the Finnish Way! Virvon, Varvon, for a fresh and healthy coming year!

Item → Easter Witches Cape
Item → Celebrate Easter the Finnish Way! Virvon, Varvon, for a fresh and healthy coming year!

Item → Field Medics Mecha Med Scarf
Item → Not sure if this concoction is fully approved, but it sure increases your recovery speed!

Item → Hand Chair
Item → Legs getting tired? Let this helpful hand hold you up for a while!

Item → Care Pear
Item → This little guy just wants a hug!

Item → Giving Growaxe
Item → Display your generosity for all to see while you earn those big gems!

Item → Backwards Ballcap
Item → Wear you cap backwards! All the cool kids are doing it.

Item → Donut Donation Box
Item → People can drop gifts into this box for you to pickup later!

Item → Floating Hand
Item → These extra-strong hands can carry the full weight of a Growtopian! Hop on!

Item → Grow4Good Badge Bronze
Item → Display with pride this badge to show off your contribution in the Grow4Good charity drive.

Item → Grow4Good Badge Silver
Item → Display with pride this badge to show off your contribution in the Grow4Good charity drive.

Item → Grow4Good Badge Gold
Item → Display with pride this badge to show off your contribution in the Grow4Good charity drive.

Item → Grow4Good Badge Diamond
Item → Display with pride this badge to show off your contribution in the Grow4Good charity drive.

Item → Grow4Good Ambassador's Sash of Honor
Item → A great honor, bestowed on the leading Grow4Good Ambassador's!

Item → Dashing Dolphin Hat
Item → A Dolphin which keeps your head warm and looks cute. Chosen by ALEXALORE, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for March, 2021!

Item → Cactus Cannon
Item → A cactoid cannon! Probably best to use this with some very thick gloves otherwise you might end up covered in spiky cactus spines!

Item → Sombrero Assault
Item → Go big or go home! Why wear just one hat when you can wear three at a time! No matter how many hats you throw you still have 3 on your head... It's basically magic!

Item → Waay Chivo Mask
Item → The mask of a Legendary Mayan Beast! The literal translation is Sorcerer-Goat but Waay Chivo is waaaaay cooler!

Item → Volcanic Cape
Item → A cape with the power of an active Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Siesta Sombrero Bed
Item → That rock looks weirdly comfy. That hat looks like it would give some good shade. Maybe I'll just.... ZZZZZZZ!

Item → Plasma Heart
Item → Static crackles as the power of Plasmatic energy takes over your entire body! Watch as the hue of the energy aura changes from dusk until dawn.

Item → Cactus Onesie
Item → The perfect onesie for blending in with the local flora and fauna when you visit the desert. Never look like a tourist again!

Item → Mysterious Color TV
Item → Guillermo Gonzalez Camarena was a Mexican electrical engineer who invented the first type of color television! This item is in his honor.

Item → Pan Flute
Item → A popular folk instrument which can be made from wood, plastic, metal and ivory. This one is made of pixels though!

Item → Giant Taco House
Item → Is it a house or is it a giant taco? Whatever it is, you can make it huuuuge! Now, that's a good taco!

Item → Taco Truck Oven
Item → Street food has a vibrant culture all around the world. This oven will bring a little of that Street Food magic to your world. This works as a Oven Type Item.

Item → Cactus Hat
Item → Hollow out a cactus and wear it on your head. This is the go to choice of headgear for when you want to wear a hollowed out cactus on your head.

Item → Pink Platforms
Item → Pretty pink platforms for those who need an extra bit of height. Note: Doesn't actually make you taller. Chosen by Harmony, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for April, 2021!

Item → Lava Pinata
Item → Too hot to handle, so punch it instead!

Item → Sheet Music: Mexican Trumpet
Item → Rootin' Tootin' Trumpet Sounds!! This sheet will play a Mexican Trumpet note for you, as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Sharp Mexican Trumpet
Item → This sheet will play a Mexican Trumpet note for you - a half-step higher note than Sheet Music: Mexican Trumpet - as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Sheet Music: Flat Mexican Trumpet
Item → This sheet will play a Mexican Trumpet note for you - a half-step lower note than Sheet Music: Mexican Trumpet - as long as you aren't in range of a boombox. Put it in different places for different pitches!

Item → Startopia Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Startopia system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Surgery Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Surgery system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Fishing Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Fishing system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Cooking Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Cooking system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Superhero Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Superhero system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Cooking Recipe - Homemade Fish Taco
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Tomato<CR>   - Onion<CR>   - Dough<CR>   - Fish Chunk<CR>   - Lettuce<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Salt<CR>   - Pepper<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Tomato, Onion, and Dough to an oven on Low heat. While the Dough is still hot, add Fish Chunk. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. When fully cooked, add Lettuce and immediately remove from the oven.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Apple Strudel
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Honey<CR>   - Apple<CR>   - Dough<CR>   - Egg<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Sugar<CR>   - Sugar<CR>   - Salt<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Honey and Apple to an oven on Low heat. While the Apple is still cold, add Dough and Egg. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. Remove from the oven when perfectly cooked.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Berry Crepes
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Flour<CR>   - Egg<CR>   - Milk<CR>   - Blueberry<CR><CR>Seasoning<CR>   - Sugar<CR>   - Sugar<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Flour and Egg to an oven on Low heat. While the Egg is still cold, add Milk. When the Egg is mostly cooked, add Blueberry. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. Remove from the oven when perfectly cooked.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - BBQ Bacon Burger
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Ground Beef<CR>   - Baking Chocolate<CR>   - Dough<CR>   - Bacon<CR>   - Tomato<CR>   - Lettuce<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Salt<CR>   - Pepper<CR>   - Sugar<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Ground Beef to an oven on Low heat. While the Ground Beef is still cold, add Dough and shortly after add the Bacon. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. Then add Tomato and wait until perfectly cooked. When fully cooked, add Lettuce and immediately remove from the oven.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Beer-Battered Fish And Chips
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Flour<CR>   - Green Beer<CR>   - Potato<CR>   - Fish Chunk<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Salt<CR>   - Pepper<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Flour, Green Bear and Potato to an oven on Low heat. When the Flour is almost done, add Fish Chunk. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. Remove from the oven when perfectly cooked.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → Cooking Recipe - Arroz Con Pollo
Item → To cook this recipe you will need the following:<CR><CR>Ingredients:<CR>   - Rice<CR>   - Chicken Meat<CR>   - Onion<CR>   - Tomato<CR><CR>Seasoning:<CR>   - Salt<CR>   - Pepper<CR>   - Pepper<CR><CR>Process:<CR>Add Rice to an oven on Low heat. While the Rice is still cold, add Chicken Meat and Onion. Add the seasonings and wait until cooked all the way through. Then add Tomato and remove from the oven once perfectly cooked.<CR><CR>Timings may vary so you will need to experiment.

Item → G4G Access Dummy Icon
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Grow Voucher
Item → A voucher used to purchase items in the store. This item can be redeemed against all items which use the voucher currency, when they are available in store.

Item → DUMB G4G Bronze
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → DUMB G4G Silver
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → DUMB G4G Gold
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → DUMB G4G Diamond
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → DUMB G4G Crate Pack
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Ad Block 2x3
Item → Place these blocks in a 2x3 grid to show ads in your world. Check your ad earnings for your world with the Ad Control Block.

Item → Ad Block 3x2
Item → Place these blocks in a 3x2 grid to show ads in your world. Check your ad earnings for your world with the Ad Control Block.

Item → Ad Block 6x1
Item → Place these blocks in a 6x1 grid to show ads in your world. Check your ad earnings for your world with the Ad Control Block.

Item → Ad Control Block
Item → Use this block to check and collect your gem earnings and turn off background ad elements. You may only use 1 of these per world.

Item → Radical Rider
Item → Totally Radical! Scoot across worlds with ease while looking stylish and ever so slightly smug! Great for a /dance.

Item → Taco Window
Item → A window made of tacos, cooked using an old family recipe. The secret ingredient is... well, that would be telling!

Item → Taco Door
Item → A door made of tacos, cooked using an old family recipe. The secret ingredient is... well, that would be telling!

Item → Voucher Dayz Surgery Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies use in the Surgery system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Pineapple Chakram
Item → The ancient art of throwing the Pineapple Chakram has been passed down from generation to generation. Now it falls to you to carry on the tradition.

Item → Giant Pineapple Pizza Paddle
Item → Whoever said pineapple and pizza don't go together never saw this giant beauty of gastronomy.

Item → Rocket Powered Pineapple Vacuum
Item → Strap yourself on, set it to max and hold on tight! You're in for a wild ride! This is a vacuum with attitude!

Item → Pineapple Aura
Item → Shine like the mighty pineapple! Pineapples are not known for their iridescent qualities normally, so you know this one is special!

Item → Pineapple Shoulder Cannon
Item → This incredibly dangerous looking shoulder cannon is mostly harmless and is designed to leave a Pineapple warrior's hands free so he can fight while firing super sticky Pineapple Juice to slow down their enemy at the same time!

Item → The Pine Throne
Item → In the game of Pineapples, you either eat or you explode. Sometimes both. Who will sit atop the Pine Throne?

Item → Pure Pineapple A+ Shirt
Item → I have a shirt, I have Pineapple. Huh! Pure Pineapple A+ Shirt!

Item → Pure Pineapple A+ Scarf
Item → I have a scarf, I have Pineapple. Huh! Pure Pineapple A+ Scarf!

Item → Pure Pineapple A+ Pants
Item → I have some pants, I have Pineapple. Huh! Pure Pineapple A+ Pants!

Item → Pineapple Face Mask
Item → The latest trend in pineapple flu safety. Combines the beautiful aroma of pineapple with the safety of a surgical mask.

Item → Petite Pineapple Hair Pin
Item → This cute little pineapple has found a home in your hair. Not sure if its totally a good idea to let it live there though.

Item → Pineapple Table
Item → Legend has it that the Knights of the Pineapple used to sit around a table just like this one.

Item → Stained Glass Pineapple
Item → Glass that has been stained with real pineapple juice. Also boasts a pineapple design adorning the middle.

Item → Pineapple Record Player
Item → Takes you back to the good old days when pineapples were used for everything, including playing records. The records tend to get a bit sticky but produces great sound.

Item → Pure Being of Light and Shadow
Item → The essence of a pure being. This shard of pure light and dark fuses with your own essence and leaves you purified.

Item → Voucher Dayz Startopia Supply Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies use in the Startopia system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Voucher Dayz Cooking Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Cooking system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Voucher Dayz Super Hero Crate
Item → Contains an assortment of tools and supplies to use in the Superhero system! Place it in your world and break it to open - who knows what you'll get?!

Item → Pegasus Lance
Item → A fine, feathery, lance. Made from the finest... checks notes... Horse Feathers! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until November 3rd, 2021.

Item → Pineapple Guzzler
Item → Feed me! This Pineapple glutton can be fed pineapples to gain Pineapple Magic. WARNING: Is likely to explode when too full.

Item → Horn Headband
Item → Cool horns to wear on your head. Perfect for all occasions. Chosen by albedos, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for May, 2021!

Item → null_item10928
Item → null_item10930
Item → null_item10932
Item → null_item10934
Item → null_item10936
Item → null_item10938
Item → null_item10940
Item → null_item10942
Item → null_item10944
Item → null_item10946
Item → null_item10948
Item → null_item10950
Item → Space Badger
Item → A curious critter from outer space! A lean, mean, adventuring machine! A badger with attitude! Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!!

Item → Space Mouse
Item → A curious critter from outer space! A super agile Space Mouse, perfect for solo infiltration missions. Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!

Item → Space Dog
Item → A curious critter from outer space! Ever loyal and always ready to lend a hand when times are tough. Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!

Item → Space Pig
Item → A curious critter from outer space! A portly porker with a powerful blaster! Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!

Item → Space Rabbit
Item → A curious critter from outer space! Ready for action with a hop, skip and a jump! Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!

Item → Kranken's Galactic Block
Item → Wrench this block to change the color and pattern! Sponsored by Kranken.

Item → Krankens Pattern 1
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 2
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 3
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 4
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 5
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 6
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 7
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 8
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 9
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 10
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 11
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Krankens Pattern 12
Item → A pattern for Krankens block, shouldn't be something a player cant ever have!!

Item → Pineapple Pizza Slice
Item → Although highly debated, this is the most delicious incarnation of the humble pizza. If you happen to disagree, call 30912.

Item → Alien Recon Wagon
Item → A curious contraption, not of this world and all the cooler for it! 

Item → null_item10992
Item → Unknown Space Pet
Item → What a strange little creature this is, seems friendly enough though... I think!

Item → Space Rover
Item → A mysterious contraption for scanning the surfaces of unknown planets. Quite a potent weapon as well it seems!

Item → Suspicious Weather Balloon
Item → Is that a UFO I see? It's just a weather balloon, or so we are told... suspicious!

Item → Channel G News Van
Item → Reporting live from Growtopia for Channel G News!

Item → Super Pineapple Time Warp Device
Item → This odd magical device was left behind by a time traveling pineapple from the future. It's timey wimey magic, makes your Pineapple Magic, magicly done giving you your prizes straight from the future without having to wait.

Item → Brass Staff
Item → A classy, brassy staff! Chosen by erwinher, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for June, 2021!

Item → Soul Scythe
Item → A power awakens in your soul. The scythe comes to life and you bend its will to your command! You are at one with the weapon, use it wisely!

Item → Phoenix Armor
Item → This armor has risen from the ashes of a fallen empire. Only 500 of them in existence in all of Growtopia!

Item → War Seahorse
Item → The secret of how these war seahorses are trained is only known to Neptunes personal master of seahorse! No you can't have one.

Item → Neptune's Chariot
Item → The mighty chariot of Neptune, pulled by the great war seahorses of the deep. Only 500 of them in existence in all of Growtopia!

Item → Dark Assassin's Vest
Item → A dark vest indeed. It's so dark you have to have lights on the closet to find it.

Item → Dark Assassin's Cape
Item → A fine cape, or is it a cloak? Great for an assassin or anyone wanting to look edgy and cool at the same time.

Item → Dark Assassin's Trousers
Item → So dark, if you go out at night people might think your legs are invisible.

Item → Dark Assassin's Armguards
Item → Some very very sharp armguards indeed! Never be without a knife again. Perfect for carving meat at a family meal or fighting off Templars.

Item → Pegasus Shirt
Item → A feathery shirt! Horse feathers are becoming quite the, in fashion, item. Sustainable and flight worthy.

Item → Pegasus Pants
Item → Thankfully these are lined, otherwise, it might be a little bit spikey!

Item → Pegasus Pauldrons
Item → Feathers on your shoulders! Now you're talking, haute couture, straight from the Catwalk to Growtopia!

Item → Pegasus Shoes
Item → Why would a Pegasus need shoes? Don't they have hooves? Oh well, best not to think about it and just enjoy some feather embossed shoes.

Item → Pegasus Crown
Item → For proper, Pegasus, royalty only... oh and you!

Item → Pegasus Block
Item → A fantastically, feathery foreground block!

Item → Pegasus Block BG
Item → A bloomingly brilliant feathery background block!

Item → Pegasus Chest
Item → What might be inside, my fair feathered friend? Use it on yourself to find out!

Item → Summer Artifact Chest
Item → An artifact from the past dug up in the sand. Smash it for a chance of ancient Phoenix Items from the past! Phoenix items will only be available to claim from this item during SummerFest. Please note Phoenix Items are limited in quantity. Check the store for any Phoenix Items currently available to be found.

Item → Ultra Red Phoenix Fragment
Item → A fragment of pure red light, crystallized into a block.

Item → Ultra Blue Neptune Fragment
Item → A fragment of pure blue light, crystallized into a block.

Item → Ultra White Fragment
Item → A fragment of pure white light, crystallized into a block.

Item → Hydro Cannon
Item → Water is one of the most powerful forces there is. Now you can have that power strapped directly to your back.

Item → Summer Glider
Item → Everyone loves drones. So why not strap a few straight onto your shoulders and glide through the air. Can't actually carry the full weight of a growtopian so it's not much good for flying.

Item → Ultraviolet Aura
Item → The Growtopian eye has evolved to see more of the light spectrum than some creatures, which allows them to see this beautiful Ultraviolet Aura. Warning: Ultraviolet Radiation is what causes sunburn. Prolonged exposure is not advised and don't forget to wear your hat and sunscreen. 

Item → Super Duper Ice Cream Scooper
Item → Ice cream! Ice cream! Come and get your ice cream. Best served straight to your face, directly from these super duper scoopers.

Item → Tropical Bar
Item → A tropical bar fully stocked with all the latest and greatest mocktails and juices.

Item → Tropical Bar Stool
Item → Sit down and relax at your favorite summer bar.

Item → Thermometer
Item → This thermometer uses some mercury and a little glass tube that measures the temperature. Gotta love science. Punch to check the current temperature.

Item → Kiss the Cook Apron
Item → Show your love to the one cooking all that wonderful food on the barbecue!

Item → Lobster Onesie Hood
Item → Dress up as everyone's favorite ocean Crustacean.

Item → Lobster Onesie Suit
Item → Dress up as everyone's favorite ocean Crustacean.

Item → Lobster Onesie Claws
Item → Dress up as everyone's favorite ocean Crustacean.

Item → Coconut Mocktail
Item → Mmm, refreshing!

Item → Dark Assassin's Boots
Item → Dark boots for climbing dark towers to commit dark deeds.

Item → null_item11072
Item → Legendary Clash Key - Series 4
Item → A key to a mysterious treasure! This key is for Clash Series 4, running from Summer Clash 2021 through Spring Clash 2022. After three seasons, those who collect at least 10 of these keys will be able to open a special treasure chest. Make sure you have enough - just one won't do it!

Item → Ambu-Lance
Item → A Mecha Med Ambu-Lance weapon! This is the sort of weapon that screams... EMERGENCY!! COMING THROUGH!!

Item → Cute Mutant Wonky
Item → One of the cutest mutants ever! There are 3 to find and if you're reading this, you've found at least one! Well done!

Item → Cute Mutant Plonky
Item → One of the cutest mutants ever! There are 3 to find and if you're reading this, you've found at least one! Well done!

Item → Cute Mutant Boogle
Item → One of the cutest mutants ever! There are 3 to find and if you're reading this, you've found at least one! Well done!

Item → Beowulf's Blade
Item → Imbued with the soul of the Dragon dispatched by Beowulf himself. Handle with care and hope that Beowulf doesn't want it back any time soon!

Item → Mecha Med Shirt
Item → A Growtech produced Mecha item. This has passed rigorous health and safety checks and is approved for medical use by all Mecha Meds.

Item → Mecha Med Pants
Item → A Growtech produced Mecha item. This has passed rigorous health and safety checks and is approved for medical use by all Mecha Meds.

Item → Mecha Med Shoes
Item → A Growtech produced Mecha item. This has passed rigorous health and safety checks and is approved for medical use by all Mecha Meds.

Item → Mecha Med Helmet
Item → A Growtech produced Mecha item. This has passed rigorous health and safety checks and is approved for medical use by all Mecha Meds.

Item → Ring of Range
Item → Reach out, touch space! As well as touching space, this Ring will increase your punch and build range in worlds which you own. In non owned worlds your build and punch range is only slightly increased.

Item → Beowulf's Beard
Item → A beard in the style of the legend himself! Obviously not his actual beard, why would you want to glue whiskers to your face?

Item → Beowulf's Helm
Item → Despite its bulk, this is a surprising lightweight helm. Master-crafted to be an exacting standard, this is one of Grow-Couture's finest offerings for the Autumn/Winter collection.

Item → Beowulf's Pants
Item → These are not actually Beowulf's pants. They are a perfect replica made in modern fabrics and sporting a comfy yet refined style. Perfect for both the office and cave.

Item → Beowulf's Shirt
Item → This is not actually Beowulf's Shirt. It's a perfect replica made in modern fabrics and sporting a comfy yet refined style. Perfect for both the office and cave.

Item → Cute Mutant Wonky Onesie Suit
Item → Dress as your favorite, super cute, mutant pet! It's not Gross Out; it's Cute Out!

Item → Cute Mutant Wonky Onesie Hood
Item → Dress as your favorite, super cute, mutant pet! It's not Gross Out; it's Cute Out!

Item → Cute Mutant Plonky Onesie Suit
Item → Dress as your favorite, super cute, mutant pet! It's not Gross Out; it's Cute Out!

Item → Cute Mutant Plonky Onesie Hood
Item → Dress as your favorite, super cute, mutant pet! It's not Gross Out; it's Cute Out!

Item → Cute Mutant Boogle Onesie Suit
Item → Dress as your favorite, super cute, mutant pet! It's not Gross Out; it's Cute Out!

Item → Cute Mutant Boogle Onesie Hood
Item → Dress as your favorite, super cute, mutant pet! It's not Gross Out; it's Cute Out!

Item → Crystal Crown
Item → A crown of pure crystal. The power of the crystalline spirit courses through your very being and gives you unimaginable power!

Item → Sonic Buster Katana
Item → Slash your way to victory and cut through time itself! Also...Sheath it on your back when you're not fighting to leave your hands free. Handy!

Item → Primordial Jade Lance
Item → An ancient and mysterious lance. The gem at its point is said to focus light to deadly effect! Why don't you try it and see?

Item → Purple Shore Crab Leash
Item → This crab is self assured on the shore, for sure!

Item → Crawdad Leash
Item → Like a lobster but waaaay more Crawdaddy like!

Item → Lobster Leash
Item → A lobster pet, what's not to like. Imagine walking down the street with a snapping lobster on a leash!

Item → Hermit Crab Leash
Item → This guy's a little shy but they seem to like you!

Item → Alaskan King Crab Leash
Item → You must be royally happy to have trained this King Crab! Although does Alaska actually have a king?

Item → Noodle Bowl Hat
Item → A fine bowl of steaming hot noodles to wear on your head. Caution though, these are delicious so everyone might want a slurp from it!

Item → Samille's Soul Abductor
Item → A cool dark flame licks at your ankles. Symbols rise as your realize you have the power to abduct souls... or is it you that's been abducted! Sponsored by Samille.

Item → Mystery Portal
Item → Where will you be transported to? Who knows? It's a mystery. Wrench this to choose up to 5 destinations to randomly send players to.

Item → Friends Entrance
Item → Wrench this Entrance to give access to your entire friends list in one go!

Item → Legendary Destroyer
Item → Step up and aboard the Legendary Destroyer and command the ultimate machine. Your legendary status is assured when you pilot this magnificent mech!

Item → Legendary Owl
Item → An Owl, truly, of legend! The stories of this mythical guardian are as old as time itself. Your bravery and effort have been rewarded in the most legendary way!

Item → Purple Shore Crab Headband
Item → You "shore" look great in these!

Item → Crawdad Shoes
Item → Looking good Daddio! Made from 100% synthetic Crawdad.

Item → Lobster Shoes
Item → Cause a lob-stir when you walk through town in these stunning shoes! Made from 100% synthetic Lobster.

Item → Hermit Crab Helmet
Item → A great helmet to hide in when you're feeling a little crabby!

Item → Alaskan King Crab Crown
Item → Look as cool as an Alaskan winter in this Crown!

Item → Anime Action Hair
Item → Lights, camera, ANIME ACTION HAIR! Feel the power from root to tip every time you punch!

Item → Growmoji Chest
Item → A chest filled with some classic Growmoji's. These Growmoji's were previously only available with the monthly packs.

Item → Zodiac Ring
Item → Harness the power of the Zodiac! This ring pulls galaxies into its core. It uses that galactic power to summon Zodiac symbols, which change depending on the current Zodiac sign.

Item → Gem Mask
Item → This is a gem of a Gem Mask! Chosen by koreaTOFU, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for July, 2021!

Item → Finger Gun
Item → To wield the finger gun, your finger must first become the gun. Old Growtopian Proverb.

Item → Rainbow Shoes
Item → If you want shoes that look like when light from the sun is scattered by water droplets then today, my friend, is your lucky day!

Item → Seafoam Scarf
Item → The wind isn't pushing you back, the scarf is just flowing in style!

Item → Riding Cloud
Item → Bringing the sky to the ground!

Item → Smoke Machine
Item → Have you ever wanted to cover the world in grey? well now you can with this fancy Smoke Machine!

Item → Buzz Cut Hair
Item → Wait a minute, did you get a new hair cut?

Item → Undercut Hair
Item → A classic hairstyle to show your athletic side!

Item → Neat Bun Hair
Item → The fashion trend that everyone's talking about!

Item → Curly Hair
Item → Not everyone has straight hair, some of us have curly!

Item → Buddy Balloon
Item → Need a friend? Need a balloon? Why not both? Buddy Balloon is always there to (literally) lift your spirits!

Item → Cartoon Glove Hat Red
Item → Pop this on your head to show your support for the red team!

Item → Cartoon Glove Hat Blue
Item → Everyone knows that blue is the best color, it's been proven by science!

Item → Digital Sign
Item → Catch the attention of your friends with the sign that's probably using a whole lot of electricity!

Item → Wearable Ostrich
Item → Matches any clothing!

Item → I love Dirt Shirt
Item → Some people like things to be clean, you're not one of them are you?

Item → Conveyor Block
Item → Keep moving forward... or back, your choice really!

Item → Happy Block
Item → Bring a bit of joy to your world!

Item → Posh Portrait
Item → A fancy portrait for only the most fabulous!

Item → Growsec Mask
Item → Bring disorder to wherever you go with a glowing smile!

Item → Pet Sock Hood
Item → Put this mask on to let your pet sock know you're always there for him!

Item → Futuristic Sunglasses
Item → Rock these shades brought to you from decades into the future!

Item → Ophthalmologist Glasses
Item → Those glasses you wear at the doctor's which look ten times better than the one's you buy after!

Item → Silver-framed Sunglasses
Item → Show that you're a star with these all new shades brought to you from the 80's!

Item → Green Leaf Crown
Item → Be officially crowned King or Queen of your world!

Item → Quicksand Block
Item → Try not to get stuck here - it'll be slow going!

Item → Indonesian Skirt
Item → A skirt made out of the best fabric in Indonesia!

Item → Indonesian Blouse
Item → A blouse made out of the best fabric in Indonesia!

Item → Indonesian Headdress
Item → A luxurious headdress originating from Indonesia!

Item → Moyaimorph
Item → Blend in with heads of Easter Island with this large costume!

Item → Moyaimorph Mask
Item → Its like a hockey mask but ten times heavier!

Item → Fade Hair
Item → Modern day fashion requires modern day hairstyles.

Item → Safety First Hair
Item → The kind of hairstyle that ends up in a yearbook photo.

Item → Weekend Raver Hair
Item → A unique hairstyle for a unique person.

Item → Old Rocker Hair
Item → Rock On! Rock this classic hairstyle to show you're a fan of real music!

Item → Locke's Megaphone
Item → This handy device will let you broadcast a message to ALL of Growtopia at once! You must have Advance Account Protection enabled in order to use this item.

Item → Ouroboros Charm
Item → The endless loop of life and death, personified and celebrated. Is it a charm or is it a curse?

Item → Magic Infused Blade Design
Item → This paper details a method for forging a Magic Infused Blade. If you forge 100 Magic Ingots with this design in hand, you'll make a Magic Infused Blade. This consumes the design.

Item → Magic Infused Blade
Item → This is a lovingly crafted sword blade infused with magical energy. If only you had the rest of the pieces to make a full sword!

Item → Fall Wings
Item → Not only do these wings let you fly, but you can also fire feathers made out of leaves from your wings!

Item → Seed Gatling Gun
Item → Shoot sunflower seeds out of this all new Gatling gun!

Item → Harvest Hood-ini
Item → Does this hood disappear, well its all about misdirection!

Item → Crystal of Hoa
Item → Use this crystal to plant flowers wherever you go... for a short period of time!

Item → Poppin' Corn Hat
Item → A cob of corn on your head! You can almost smell the buttery goodness!

Item → Staff of S'mores
Item → Use the unconventional staff to "fire" delicious warm s'mores!

Item → Harvest Jade Hat
Item → An enchanted hat embedded with jade gems that enables it to be used as a weapon!

Item → Firewood Cradle
Item → All it takes to set up a campfire is to place down one of these cradles and punch it to light it up!

Item → Masculine Sunflower Hair
Item → This colorful hairstyle will help you stand out from the crowd.

Item → Feminine Sunflower Hair
Item → A sunflower ponytail? Impossible!

Item → Masculine Sunflower Shirt
Item → Sunflower petals as shoulder pads, 'nough said!

Item → Feminine Sunflower Shirt
Item → A shirt that includes a sunflower bow tie!

Item → Sunflower Pants
Item → These pants will make you feel like you're walking on sunshine!

Item → Sunflower Dress
Item → A dress themed after the best type of flower!

Item → Sunflower Ladder
Item → So this is how Jack felt when he climbed up the beanstalk!

Item → Whoopie Pie Block
Item → Jump on this block to go even higher... whoopie!

Item → Sunflower Pinwheel
Item → A sunflower-themed pinwheel.

Item → Sleepy Bear Suit
Item → A suit that would probably help you with hibernating through the winter!

Item → Sleepy Bear Hood
Item → Trick people into think you're asleep with this mask!

Item → Rice Crop Block
Item → Build your own farmland with these crops of rice!

Item → Rice Crop Wallpaper
Item → Plant fields of rice crops behind you!

Item → Dewi Sri Statue
Item → A statue made in honor of Dewi Sri.

Item → Stingray Hat
Item → A cute Stingray for your head. Chosen by SolaBowe, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for August, 2021!

Item → Paper Wasp Pet
Item → Folded and creased to paper perfection. This Wasp packs a very unique sting in its tail.

Item → Unity Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet bean paste. "Unity" is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script. Mix this with other Mooncakes in a Laboratory or E-Z Cook Oven to create special Harvest Festival items.

Item → Wyvern Wings
Item → Not only can you jump to the heavens with these luxurious wings... you can also walk with them! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 17th, 2022.

Item → Robot Lord Cape
Item → The famous cape of the Robot Lord, whether its just walking or punching, see why this cape is considered the most powerful by many!

Item → Lightning Umbrella
Item → Use this super charged umbrella to fire lightning out of its tip!

Item → Lucid Wings
Item → These are a pair of wings you would only see in your (lucid) dreams!

Item → Purple Scarf
Item → A stylish scarf for an exclusive set of people! Chosen by xArskax, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for September, 2021!

Item → Sakura's Revenge
Item → Use these blades of fury to cut through your opponents!

Item → Neon Party Cape
Item → Be the life of the party with this cape!

Item → Sacred Scarf
Item → The sacred materials used to make this intricately woven scarf have been passed down for generations. 

Item → Royal Grow Pass Token
Item → Consume to earn exclusive Royal rewards as your level up you Grow Pass as well as unlocking all daily bonuses and exclusive Royal Perks including double Grow Pass Points and the ability to claim 4,000 gems per day for the entire month. Upon consuming you will instantly receive 300 Free points towards your pass progress as well as 4,000 gems for every day that has passed since the start of the season.

Item → Clam Cruiser
Item → Traverse the land in effortless glory with this carapace carriage!

Item → Royal Clam Cruiser
Item → Traverse the land in effortless glory with this carapace carriage! Wave at your loyal subjects as you sit atop this regal version!

Item → Trick or Treat Troll
Item → Ride aboard this hungry troll, some say he is made out of candy!

Item → Spider Sniper
Item → Trap your foes with this all new weapon made as a result of science experimenting with spiders.

Item → Cauldron Cannon
Item → There's something brewing in this cauldron, something evil!

Item → Skull of Burning Horrors
Item → Wow this staff is hot! Made from the deepest, most molten lava, and cursed with a little evil magic.

Item → Possessing Scarf
Item → Rumours say this mystical scarf has been known for taking over the body of those who wear it. Only the fearless dare to take the chance!

Item → Waay Chivo Skull
Item → The very essences of a Legendary Mayan Beast! The literal translation is Sorcerer-Goat but Waay Chivo is waaaaay scarier!

Item → Demonic Soul Aura
Item → The flames of a Demonic presence imbue you with power! The flames scorch into your very soul, you are starting to become one with the Demonic kind! There are only 500 in existence!

Item → Pharaoh's Pendant
Item → Once worn by an ancient Pharaoh, this pendant holds the souls of undead mummies. Unleash their wrath!

Item → Ferryman of the Underworld
Item → This boat was once used to transport the ghosts of the dead to the underworld!

Item → Familiar Hat
Item → A sleepy little creature which has decided to reside on its owner's head!

Item → Zombie Hand Chair
Item → Tired of running? Take a break with the help of this undead hand!

Item → Corrupted Castle
Item → Corrupted by the spells of an evil witch, the castle walls are cracked with a purple glow of an unknown substance. Be cautious!

Item → Corrupted Castle Roof
Item → Corrupted by the spells of an evil witch, the roof of the castle is cracked with a purple glow of an unknown substance. Be cautious!

Item → Corrupted Castle Door
Item → Corrupted by the spells of an evil witch, the entrance to the castle is cracked with a purple glow of an unknown substance. Be cautious!

Item → Shady Bangs
Item → With hair like that, people are definitely going to think you're up to something... shady!

Item → Emo Hair
Item → It's not a phase!

Item → Halloween Lantern
Item → Turn on the lights to keep those monsters out!

Item → Gargoyle Mask
Item → Ward off evil with the mask of these ancient guardians!

Item → Organ Piano
Item → If there was one instrument that's known to give people the chills, its this one!

Item → Angry Block
Item → Bring a bit of hatred to your world but not too much!!

Item → American Eagle Wings
Item → Spread the wings of the national bird of America!

Item → Star Aura
Item → Wear the Star Emblem proudly like the infamous Captain Puerto Rico. No one ever understood why Americans find him so patriotic.

Item → Turkey Float
Item → Celebrate these festive times with a parade! Yahoo!

Item → Ameri-car
Item → Roll, or hover, down the streets with this American automobile packed with stars and stripes!

Item → Super Slapshot Stick
Item → Time to break the ice with this cool hockey stick!

Item → Barbershop Quartet Hat
Item → A fancy hat made for fans of singing!

Item → Barbershop Quartet Shirt
Item → A fancy shirt made for fans of singing!

Item → Barbershop Quartet Pants
Item → A fancy pair of pants made for fans of singing!

Item → Marty Jacket
Item → Just a good old jacket to keep you warm in those harsh winters!

Item → Grow-Cola Block
Item → This pack of Grow-Cola is actually a box of gummy treats. No one can stop you from jumping on top of these! It's a nice feeling!

Item → Thanksgiving Trifle Block
Item → A dessert made out of raspberries, ladyfingers, jam, custard, bananas and beef! Yummy!

Item → Vintage Jukebox
Item → No school like the old school!

Item → Flag Frock
Item → Walk around town with this star-spangled dress!

Item → Presidential Throne
Item → A truly presidential piece of artistry! Display this monument proudly!

Item → Black Harvest Shawl
Item → A cape made of dark leaves sprinkled with a little shadow magic! This cape goes wherever the wind blows.

Item → Black Bow of the Rainbow
Item → The most rainbow'y rainbow bow of all the rainbow bows ever created by the rainbow bowyer... Now in Black! If you like rainbows, but tend to be a bit edgy, then this bow is the rainbow bow for you!

Item → Black Radical Rollers
Item → Get radical! These light up roller skates, now in black, put the party in every step you take and add the monochrome to every move you make! Great for a /dance.

Item → Matrix Visor
Item → Why zap things with a regular old laser when you can zap them with code. Use the power of letters and numbers to defeat your enemies!

Item → Shadow Cubes Aura
Item → A powerful energy was put into these cubes allowing them to move by themselves!

Item → Vortex Sunglasses
Item → Rock some vortex sunglasses!

Item → Black Neon Hoodie
Item → A Black Friday exclusive hoodie! Black and neon is pretty much the perfect combo isn't it?

Item → Vortex Block
Item → A vortex trapped inside a block.

Item → Growtopian Bean
Item → Heard this is a pretty popular fashion sense nowadays!

Item → Varsity Jacket
Item → The perfect jacket to walk around campus with. Whether its to show that you're part of the sports team or let people know where you studied, this is the look for you.

Item → Alien Landing Pod
Item → A landing pod of unknown origin, looks harmless enough. What surprises are inside?

Item → null_item11400
Item → null_item11402
Item → null_item11404
Item → Alien Scanner
Item → The latest in Alien Scanning Technology from the world renowned Growtech Labs. Wear this item when Harvesting Trees for a chance to find an Alien Landing Pod or other Alien Block. The item is highly experimental and will break when it does find a Landing Pod or Alien Block.

Item → Space Station Sign
Item → No matter how advanced a species is, they all require signs. Nobody knows everything!

Item → Geometric Bench
Item → Aliens have cooler versions of everything... including benches!

Item → Subway Sign
Item → Lets people know where the trains are at!

Item → Subway Stairs
Item → Takes you places!

Item → Subway Wall
Item → The interior of a subway station is always fascinating, you never know what you'd find!

Item → Street Sidewalk
Item → Make your way downtown!

Item → Storm Drain Cover
Item → What lies deep beneath these sewers? Guess we'll never know.

Item → Techno Grass
Item → A type of grass from an unknown planet, very techno indeed!

Item → Space Conveyor Block
Item → Don't run on a Space Conveyor. Stay safe, slow down!

Item → Greetings Earthlings Sign
Item → How nice, the aliens decided to set up signs greeting us!

Item → Takeaway Joint
Item → Stop by this fast food place!

Item → Takeaway Joint Roof
Item → This bright rooftop will let you know that food is here!

Item → null_item11432
Item → Street Clock
Item → It's time! Well, this clock is broken, so it's always a time!

Item → Smiling Mask
Item → Like a happy vigilante mask but you can't see anything when you wear it! Chosen by Gladehart, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for October, 2021!

Item → Digital Bow
Item → Get with the glitch! A digital bow for the digital age!

Item → Mystic Bow
Item → A magical bow forged from mystical artifacts of unknown origin.

Item → Royal Mystic Bow
Item → A magical bow forged from mystical artifacts of unknown origin. These limited run items were forged exclusively for the royal guard.

Item → Pizza Sign
Item → It's Pizza Time!

Item → City Bench
Item → A bench found in cities!

Item → Space Stowaway Mask
Item → Conceal your identity as you hide in the spaceship with this mask!

Item → Space Stowaway Shirt
Item → A shirt that'll help you sneak on board a spaceship!

Item → Space Stowaway Pants
Item → Pants that'll help you sneak on board a spaceship!

Item → Freezing Skull Mask
Item → A chilling mask that'll leave you cold.

Item → Diamond Dog Sledge
Item → Dashing through the snow, barking as we go, this sledge is pulled by diamond dogs, and anything but slow!

Item → Santa's Super Sack
Item → Spread joy with this bag of never ending presents!

Item → Snow Cone Pet
Item → A fantastic little snow cone that's always got your back!

Item → Wings of Deepest Winter
Item → A cool pair of wings! Made of the deepest, most wintry snow and sprinkled with a little Winter magic!

Item → Ice Dragon Scythe
Item → Release the wrath of the Ice Dragon with this enchanted Scythe.

Item → Aura Antlers
Item → A pair of enchanted antlers that glow as you punch! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 1st May, 2022.

Item → Candy Cane Cruiser
Item → A candy cane hoverboard that'll help you get around this holiday season!

Item → Diamond Warrior Pauldrons
Item → What might be inside, my fair feathered friend? Use it on yourself to find out!

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2021
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar for 2021, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2021
Item → Winterfest 2021 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Black Friday Black Box Xtreme
Item → An Xtreme Black Friday Gift awaits you! It's what Black Friday is all about!

Item → Rift Wings
Item → Rip a hole in the fabric of reality with these amazing Waings! Create two unique looks and use a rift in time and space to change between them. Wrench yourself to customise the Wings. This item is available to buy for 2 weekends in December 2021 and is available from a Winterfest system. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 1st May, 2022.

Item → Northern Lights Aura
Item → Wonder at the amazing lights of nature!

Item → Cloak of S'mores
Item → Dare to wear the robe known to light up in flames!

Item → Growch's Hat
Item → A perfect replica of Growch's hat! Well, it would be a bit mean if it was his real one, wouldn't it!

Item → Penguin Onesie
Item → A onesie so fancy it makes people think you're a waiter!

Item → Ice Shard Hair
Item → Hair spun from the glaciers of the north! It's worth? Vast. Its beauty? Chilling. Your look? Cool..

Item → Dinosaur in Ice Block
Item → What killed the dinosaurs? The Ice Age!

Item → Candy Cane Horns
Item → A sweet pair of horns to show you're really into the holiday spirit.

Item → Festive Socks
Item → Jingle bell rock with these holiday socks!

Item → Polar Bear Hood
Item → Trick people into thinking you're COOL with this mask!

Item → Polar Bear Suit
Item → Show everyone that you're the COOLEST bear in town!

Item → Sad Snowfrost's Mask
Item → Get your sad face on with this frost-shielding mask! You may be a prince of winter, but that doesn't mean you won't be left in the cold!

Item → Candy Cane Shades
Item → Wear these sweet shades as you cruise through the season in style!

Item → Fairy Light Wings
Item → Not only do these wings let you fly, they also light up as your make your way across town!

Item → Mask of The Dragon
Item → Release flames of fury to the realms as you transform into a mighty dragon!

Item → Royal Mask of The Dragon
Item → Release flames of fury to the realms as you transform into a mighty dragon! Siege waste to the land with the wrath of the leader of the dragons!

Item → Warbler Wings
Item → Traverse through the world of Growtopia with these exotic wings! Chosen by KinsGT, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for November, 2021!

Item → Dancing Snow Globe
Item → A fancy snow globe that plays music with a dancing ballerina inside!

Item → Christmas Pudding Block
Item → Bring home some tasty Christmas pudding for the whole family!

Item → Santa's Chair
Item → The throne of jolly old Nick!

Item → Partridge in a Pear Tree
Item → My true love gave this to me on the first day of Christmas!

Item → Frozen Fountain
Item → A beautiful frozen fountain... probably shouldn't skate on it, who knows what could happen!

Item → Diamond Retro Tape Block
Item → A luxurious diamond tape that never gets tangled in the machine. You can stand on this one without it breaking as well!

Item → Diamond Shamrock Lights
Item → Perfectly suited to St Patrick's day and, indeed, any time you want to rock some shamrock lights! Now made of Diamonds!

Item → Diamond Eternal Rose
Item → This rose has been suspended in stasis... I mean it is made out of diamonds.

Item → Diamond Pine Throne
Item → In the game of Pineapples, you either eat or you explode. Sometimes both. And now you can do it in style. Who will sit atop the Diamond Pine Throne?

Item → Diamond Lotus Lamp
Item → Light up the harvest with this luxorius diamond lotus lamp. Perfect for illuminating evening Mooncake hunting sessions or to put on display in a royal palace.

Item → Radical Stage
Item → A radical stage, for radical people having a radical time!

Item → Growby
Item → More computing power in this cute little thing than the computer that sent the first Growtopian to the moon!

Item → Beat Box Mask
Item → Drop some sick techno beats anywhere anytime with the all new Beat Box Mask!

Item → Royal Wishing Star
Item → This magical star will make your Winterfest extra special by adding 150 progress points to your Grow Pass Progress!

Item → Jingling Jolly Jumper
Item → Kind of ugly. Kind of cool. Kind of jingly... and made of wool.

Item → Neon Party Yo-Yo
Item → Pull off some cool party tricks with this crazy Yo-Yo!

Item → Partydactyl Wings
Item → Rock these flashing pair of partydactyl wings to keep the party going!

Item → Mood Mask
Item → Happy? Angry? Curious? Wear this super advanced mask to tell the world how you're feeling!

Item → Guardian Armor
Item → Guard the kingdom heroically with this mighty armor!

Item → Blood Dragon Lock
Item → Far Cry III : Blood Dragon! Place this futuristic lock and transport to the world of the Blood Dragon!

Item → Royal Guardian Armor
Item → Guard the kingdom heroically with this mighty armor! Only the bravest knights were given this royal armor!

Item → Bodvar
Item → Brawlhalla! Take the form of Bodvar, The Unconquered Viking of Brawlhalla and place yourself as one of Valhalla's greatest champions! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 6th June, 2022.

Item → Val
Item → Brawlhalla! Take the form of Val, The Weapon of Brawlhalla and solve the mysteries of Valhalla. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 6th June, 2022.

Item → Sam Fisher
Item → Splinter Cell! Take the form of Sam Fisher, Splinter Cell's first field operative, as you covertly infiltrate new locations! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 6th June, 2022.

Item → Ezio
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Ezio, the Leader of the Assassin Brotherhood, and challenge yourself as you take the Leap of Faith! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 6th June, 2022.

Item → Pet Blood Dragon
Item → Far Cry III : Blood Dragon! Take control of your own vicious Blood Dragon that fires neon lasers from its eyes! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 6th June, 2022.

Item → 9th Anniversary Block
Item → NINE YEARS! They just keep coming! We are going full on nineties this year. So, as a thank you for your continued support, please join us in celebrating this monumental achievement with this EXTREME 90's block!

Item → Party Pager Block
Item → This classic piece of technology was used to tell people where the party was!

Item → Polka-Dot Ball
Item → Bring some colour to the disco world!

Item → That 90's Hair
Item → This hairstyle took the world by storm, all the popular people have it!

Item → Party Couch
Item → You can't be standing the ENTIRE party, why not take a seat?

Item → Digital Pet Block
Item → Take care of your own virtual pet with this new device!

Item → Unagi Hair
Item → Be in a state of total awareness with this slick haircut!

Item → Party Polka Shirt
Item → This shirt will ensure you're the coolest pal in town!!

Item → Dotted Dress
Item → This dress will ensure you're the prettiest person in town!

Item → Fireflies In A Jar
Item → You would not believe how many of these guys light up the world as you sleep.

Item → Confetti Crown
Item → This is definitely a crown, you totally weren't standing right in front of a confetti cannon!

Item → Prince of Persia Lock
Item → Prince of Persia! Place this ancient lock and transport to the world of the Prince of Persia!

Item → Wings of Daidalos
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Glide through the skies with the wings crafted by the famous Daidalos himself! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 6th June, 2022.

Item → Rollback Plaque IX
Item → You were there, man. You were THERE when time rolled backwards, and all the fruits of your labors turned to dust in your dry, bitter fist. December 2021!

Item → WOTD Trophy 2022
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2022.

Item → Riding Rabbid
Item → Rabbids! This curious Rabbid piggybacks aboard you, charging into adventure!

Item → Earth Suit
Item → It's a suit that's eco earth like! Wear it and you'll radiate the earth's power! Chosen by Discold, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for December, 2021!

Item → Prince of Persia: Cave Column
Item → Parkour through the caves of Persia!

Item → Prince of Persia: Cave Spikes
Item → Be carfeul venturing through the caves of Persia!!

Item → Prince of Persia: Cave Torch
Item → Light your way through the caves of Persia!!

Item → Prince of Persia: Cave Background
Item → Admire the views of the caves of Persia!

Item → Prince of Persia: Palace Spikes
Item → Be vigilant walking through the palace halls!

Item → Prince of Persia: Palace Turret
Item → Admire the views of Persia from the top of the palace turrets!

Item → Prince of Persia: Palace Background
Item → Wonder at the architecture of the interior of the Persian palace!

Item → Prince of Persia: Palace Arch
Item → Walk through the halls of the Persian palace!

Item → Prince of Persia: Palace Wall
Item → Wonder at the architecture of the exterior of the Persian palace!

Item → Prince of Persia: Palace Dome
Item → Wonder at the architecture atop the Persian palace!

Item → Prince of Persia: Hourglass of Time
Item → Use the sands of time to go back to the past!

Item → 2022 - Zodiac Year of the Tiger
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Tiger are courageous, ambitious, confident and charismatic. They are born leaders who treat their peers with respect. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → Draconic Soul Cannon
Item → Ignite the light and let the flames of the dragon shine wherever you see fit with this mighty cannon! There are only 700 in existence!

Item → Tiger Pauldrons
Item → Rise up straight to the top with these roaring pauldrons! Extend your influence with sight of the Tiger!

Item → Mythic Tiger Crown
Item → Summon the power of the White Tiger of the West with this glorious crown!

Item → Fireworks Feet
Item → Shoot across the skies as you strap these fireworks on to your feet!

Item → Monkey Warrior's Staff
Item → A staff that grants its owner immortality and powers to vanquish foes!

Item → Year of The Tiger Statue
Item → A statue of the zodiac tiger! Growtopians born in the Year of the Tiger are courageous, ambitious, confident and charismatic.

Item → Year of the Tiger Mask
Item → The tiger is the third of the zodiac animals. Limited only to the year of the Tiger! Myth has it, that the order of the Zodiac Animals, was determined by a race. The tiger placed third due to its incredibly fast speed and competitive nature!!

Item → Pagoda Tower Block
Item → A towering pagoda temple. Stack them on top of each other to create a taller tower!

Item → Dumplings Hat
Item → There is no special ingredient. To make something special, you just have to believe it is.

Item → Guardian Lion Statue
Item → A statue of a powerful beast whose kind were known to protect its post.

Item → Bamboo Boba Block
Item → Sometimes its better to drink rather than eat.

Item → Monkey Warrior's Circlet
Item → The golden circlet of the famous Monkey Warrior!

Item → Monkey Mask
Item → Jump through trees and stones with this amazing monkey mask!

Item → Monkey Warrior's Shirt
Item → The shirt of the famous Monkey Warrior!

Item → Monkey Warrior's Pants
Item → The pants of the famous Monkey Warrior!

Item → Prince of Persia Crate
Item → A crate packed with everything you need to create Prince of Persia style Parkour!

Item → Baby Seal Hat
Item → This little semi-aquatic mammal has decided to stay on top of your head! Chosen by MagiMeee, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for January, 2022!

Item → Lucky Golden Ingot
Item → A rare fragment of the earth known for bringing good fortune!

Item → Lucky Golden Crest
Item → A golden crest capable of holding unlimited cosmic power!

Item → Shattered Wings
Item → Shine through the skies with these sparkling expansive wings!

Item → Royal Shattered Wings
Item → Shine through the skies with these sparkling expansive wings! The wonder of the gems unleashes with power of gold!

Item → Heartbreak Wings
Item → Break a heart with these lovely wings!

Item → Golden Heartbreak Wings
Item → Break a golden heart with these lovely wings!

Item → Heart Balloons
Item → Only a clown would hold a ton of red balloons, unless they're heart shaped!

Item → Swan Boat
Item → Ride through the tunnel of love aboard the beautiful Swan Boat!

Item → Stained Glass Crown
Item → A crown that's shining, shimmering, splendid!

Item → Fancy Flute
Item → Be the Pied Piper of Love as you play a romantic jazz tune!

Item → Year of the Tiger Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Formal Rose Shoulders
Item → A lovely pair of rose shoulder pads.

Item → Formal Rose Necktie
Item → A lovely rose necktie!

Item → Formal Rose Jacket
Item → A lovely rose jacket.

Item → Formal Rose Skirt
Item → A lovely rose skirt.

Item → Formal Rose Pants
Item → A lovely pair of rose pants.

Item → Strawbeanie
Item → A beanie made out of a giant strawberry.

Item → Cupid's Statue
Item → A statue of the Angel of Love.

Item → Dancing Candle
Item → Bon appetit mon ami!

Item → Tunnel of Love
Item → Venture through the wonderful tunnel of love!

Item → Cotton Candy Clouds
Item → Clouds that make you hungry.

Item → Towering Hair
Item → Climb to the top of tower with the enchanted power of golden extensions!

Item → Enchanted Broomstick
Item → Soar through the skies leaving a trail of magical mist!

Item → Heart Antennae Hat
Item → My loving senses are tingling... there must be someone nearby that needs some loving. Better go give them a hug! Now as a hat!  Can be transformed into a headband by combining 1 Heart Antennae Hat, 1 Transmog Crystal, and 10 Candy Hearts in a Chemical Combiner.

Item → Alpha Wolf
Item → Roll out with your trusty powerful companion!

Item → Royal Alpha Wolf
Item → Roll out with your trusty powerful companion! These royal beasts have served under The Queen!

Item → Superstar Sneakers
Item → Walk down the red carpet with these super special shining shoes!

Item → Mr. Grownopoly's Suitcase
Item → This case really suits you!

Item → Irish Wolfhound
Item → One of the largest dogs out there... besides Cliff.

Item → Shamrock Shields
Item → These lucky leaves will bring you good fortune!

Item → Mallet of Sucelles
Item → Whosoever is able to hold the mallet shall possess the power of Sucelles!

Item → Harp of Aibell
Item → Softly creeping, a deadly sound plants in your brain, the sound of silence.

Item → Eye of Balor
Item → Wear the eye of the demon cyclops Balor and fight fire with, well fire!

Item → Rainbow Cloud Rider
Item → Nobody gonna slow you down on this highway!

Item → Cauldron of the Dagda
Item → A mystical cauldron grants you good health!

Item → Joyful Bun Hair
Item → A bizarre hairstyle! Chosen by Kitty, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for February, 2022!

Item → Shamrock Seat
Item → St. Patrick's Week is coming and someone has stolen your seat!

Item → Salmon of Knowledge
Item → The smartest fish in the ocean.

Item → Shepard's Pie Block
Item → Bye bye to the Shepard's Pie!

Item → Lucky Lizard Hat
Item → A lizard that brings you good fortune.

Item → Money Hair
Item → These are some expensive highlights!

Item → Shamrock Checkpoint
Item → Always useful, check! Always green, check! Point, Check! Checkpoint!

Item → Lavish Shades
Item → It's all about the money, money, money!

Item → Ye Olde Tavern
Item → Grab a tankard and enjoy the atmosphere!

Item → Ye Olde Tavern Roof
Item → Grab a tankard and enjoy the atmosphere!

Item → Ye Olde Tavern Door
Item → Useful for entering Ye Olde Taverns!

Item → Banner Bandolier
Item → Represent your tribe with this legendary item!

Item → Crescent Charm
Item → Travel through an endless diamond sky to a whole new world!

Item → Royal Crescent Charm
Item → Travel through an endless diamond sky to a whole new world! Encrusted with gold, the moon shines brighter than ever before!

Item → Yokai Mask
Item → Strike fear into your enemies with this demonic mask. Chosen by SpicyCheetos, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for March, 2022!

Item → Grow4Good Gift Hamper
Item → A Hamper filled with cool stuff given to players as thank you for their generosity throughout the Grow4Good Event!

Item → Grow4Good Special Gift Hamper
Item → Thank you for your generosity! Here's a special gift as a token of our appreciation! Opening this will give you an awesome prize, which could include an EPIC LIMITED QUANTITY ITEM. A MAXIMUM of only 5 of each of these EPIC items will drop over the course of the event.

Item → Growing Guardian Armor
Item → Become a protector of the earth with this armor infused with the power of Mother Nature! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until September 1st, 2022.

Item → Growing Guardian Gauntlets
Item → Become a protector of the earth with these gauntlets infused with the power of Mother Nature! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until September 1st, 2022.

Item → Edison, The Lightbulb
Item → Your personal vintage lightbulb, he's lit!

Item → Other Winged Angel
Item → This single wing is a symbol for all those who strive to help others, no mater what the odds! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until September 1st, 2022.

Item → Fish Tank Head
Item → This is probably what it would look like if a fish had hands and legs!

Item → Mechanical Assistance
Item → Lend a hand, or two, as you take advantage of your modified self to help those in need!

Item → Cardboard Road Racer
Item → You don't need a roaring engine or nitrous oxide to claim the road - just a bit of cardboard and a strong imagination! This crafty car will get you cruisin'!

Item → Peas in a Pod Hat
Item → Three peas in a pod make for an adorable hat.

Item → Bouncy Castle Block
Item → A bouncy castle big enough for Growtopians of all ages!

Item → Gummy Bear Block - Red
Item → A yummy looking block!

Item → Gummy Bear Block - Yellow
Item → A funny looking block!

Item → Gummy Bear Block - Green
Item → A lucky looking block!

Item → Hip Hops
Item → Hop hop hop, hop to the top!

Item → Soft-boiled Scepter
Item → An egg-cellent staff whose origins are lost to time, kind of like Humpty Dumpty.

Item → Easter Creature
Item → What lies inside the egg... is it a bird? is it a plane? is it a dinosaur? Guess we'll never know... probably not a plane though.

Item → Mechanical Dove Wings
Item → Fly into the sky wowing the world with fireworks!

Item → Easter Kite Aura
Item → Soar into the skies with this kite that spins round and round!

Item → Cracked Egg Hat
Item → An egg-cellent hat if I do say so myself! Wearing the full suit leaves a delicious trail of yolk behind you!

Item → Cracked Egg Onesie
Item → An egg-cellent onesie if I do say so myself! Wearing the full suit leaves a delicious trail of yolk behind you!

Item → Freaky Fried Egg Eyes
Item → Feast your eyes... literally!

Item → Hot Cross Bun Beret
Item → These used to cost a penny or two back in the day, but that all changed once it entered the pack of fashion.

Item → Easter Egg Arch
Item → Celebrate the season of Easter with this delicious gate.

Item → Bunny Boba Block
Item → A nice drink to have during this time of year.

Item → Salmon Suit
Item → It's not pink, it's salmon!

Item → Lollipop Garden
Item → Popped out of the ground from magic beans.

Item → Osterbrunnen
Item → A beautiful Easter Fountain!

Item → Gaekkebrev
Item → A beautiful Easter Letter!

Item → Rabbit Top Hat
Item → And now for his next trick, the rabbit will fire an endless supply of cards!

Item → Grow4Good Title
Item → Not used, it's just a dumb icon.

Item → Equinox Scarf
Item → Summon the force of the seasons with the power of the Equinox! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until July 28th, 2022.

Item → Crown of Spring
Item → This wonderful crown will turn you into Spring Royalty!

Item → Crown of Summer
Item → This wonderful crown will turn you into Summer Royalty!

Item → Crown of Autumn
Item → This wonderful crown will turn you into Autumn Royalty!

Item → Crown of Winter
Item → This wonderful crown will turn you into Winter Royalty!

Item → Boots of Spring
Item → Turn footloose with these spring shoes!

Item → Boots of Summer
Item → There ain't no mountain far enough that these boots can't take you to!

Item → Boots of Autumn
Item → Move at the speed of sound this fall!

Item → Boots of Winter
Item → Dash through the snow in these boots without a lace!

Item → Shirt of Spring
Item → A perfect shirt to wear while seeing trees of green and roses bloom!

Item → Shirt of Summer
Item → A perfect shirt to wear while having a blast!

Item → Shirt of Autumn
Item → A perfect shirt to wear when you can't help going out this fall!

Item → Shirt of Winter
Item → A perfect shirt to wear during the most wonderful time of the year!

Item → Spring Block
Item → A block of flowers so famous that it's been carved on coins!

Item → Summer Block
Item → A block of leaves from the vines, they look like fragile tiny shells!

Item → Autumn Block
Item → A block of leaves perfect for those shiny days!

Item → Winter Block
Item → A block that's so delightful and made of snow!

Item → Spring Background
Item → A far off block of flowers so famous that it's been carved on coins!

Item → Summer Background
Item → A far off block of leaves from the vines, they look like fragile tiny shells!

Item → Autumn Background
Item → A far off block of leaves perfect for those shiny days!

Item → Winter Background
Item → A far off block that's so delightful and made of snow!

Item → Equinox Box
Item → A box fit for an equinox! Filled with 4 seasons worth of items! Make sure you have space in your inventory before opening.

Item → Pants of Spring
Item → A pair of cherry blossom jeans!

Item → Pants of Summer
Item → A pair of pants perfect to wear in the summer!

Item → Pants of Autumn
Item → A pair of autumn leaves pants!

Item → Pants of Winter
Item → A pair of super cool pants that'll have you go down in history!

Item → Volcanic Wings
Item → A pair of wings with the power of an active Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Comida Crusher
Item → Crush your enemigos with a weapon that is a weakness to all: FOOD!

Item → Pet Alebrije
Item → This shivering little spirit animal's always got your back!

Item → Serpent Shoulders
Item → Sculpted to perfection, these serpents release a toxic acid that burns whatever it touches!

Item → Artist's Hair
Item → Bloomed to perfection, this hairstyle is meant for only the most prestigious people in town!

Item → Weather Machine - Plaza
Item → Bring all your friends to the plaza and let the celebrations never end!

Item → Neurovision
Item → Gain the powers of a technopath and take control of a group of silent but deadly robots!

Item → Royal Neurovision
Item → Gain the powers of a technopath and take control of a group of silent but deadly robots! These special models were forged from rare Growskar mined from the far reaches of the final frontier!

Item → Koala Ears
Item → A pair of perfectly round ears! Chosen by Noowtie, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for April, 2022!

Item → China Poblano Dress
Item → Dance around the plaza in this wonderful dress!

Item → Papel Picado Banner
Item → Put up these festive banners all over town and celebrate!

Item → Marigold Flowers
Item → Plant some beautiful flowers around your world.

Item → Calavera Skull
Item → Celebrate this Cinco with this sweet Calavera Skull!

Item → Angel of Independence Statue
Item → Celebrate Independence with the statue of El Angel!!

Item → Corn Field Ladder
Item → Climb up the corn fields!

Item → Harmonipan
Item → Play some traditional Mexican music with the Harmonipan!

Item → Radical City Lock
Item → Light up your world with this totally Radical Lock!!

Item → Golden Radical Rider
Item → Totally Radical and Gold! Scoot across worlds with ease while looking lavish and ever so slightly smug! Great for a /dance.

Item → Nocturnal Crown
Item → Soar high and in the darkness of the night by summoning the spirit of the owl!

Item → Royal Nocturnal Crown
Item → Soar high and in the darkness of the night by summoning the spirit of the owl! The additional gems added to this regal headpiece enlarge the animal's spirit!

Item → Sock Mask
Item → You look like a very 'sock'essful person! Chosen by DrCheerio, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for May, 2022!

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 1
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 2
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 3
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 4
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 5
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 6
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 7
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 8
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 9
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 10
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 11
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 12
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 13
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 14
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 15
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 16
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 17
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 18
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 19
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 20
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 21
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 22
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 23
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 24
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 25
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 26
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 27
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 28
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 29
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 30
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 31
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 32
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 33
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 34
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 35
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 36
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 37
Item → No info.

Item → Dummy Puzzle Icon
Item → You shouldn't be able to read this, you sneaky person, you.

Item → Pineapple Parasol
Item → Pop to the top with this poppin' Pineapple Parasol!

Item → Baby Guzzler
Item → Take care of your very own little Pineapple Guzzler!

Item → Pineapple Wings
Item → Rise to the skies and grind those pineapple slices!

Item → Pineapple of Locksley
Item → Steal from the full and give to the hungry with the Pineapple of Locksley!

Item → Pineapple Pyramid Hat
Item → A hat modelled after the Great Pyramids of Pineapple Pizza. Wearing the full set drops crumbs of pinapples slices behind you!

Item → Pineapple Pyramid Shirt
Item → A shirt modelled after the Great Pyramids of Pineapple Pizza. Wearing the full set drops crumbs of pinapples slices behind you!

Item → Pineapple Warrior Charm
Item →  Use this charm to summon the spirit of your very own pineapple warrior!

Item → Super Pineapple House
Item → Who lives in a Pineapple over the land? You do with your very own Super Pineapple House!

Item → Super Pineapple Window
Item → Who lives in a Pineapple over the land? You do with your very own Super Pineapple Window!

Item → Super Pineapple Door
Item → Who lives in a Pineapple over the land? You do with your very own Super Pineapple Door!

Item → Pineapple Disco Ball
Item → Get on the dance floor this Super Pineapple Party and dance to some tropical disco music!

Item → Pineapple Mohawk
Item → Look like the coolest Pineapple Punk in town with this sick mohawk!

Item → Pineapple Fountain
Item → A beautiful fountain filled with Pineapple Juice!

Item → Dal's Phasers
Item → In case of emergency, pull up a pair of Federation Type 1 Phasers to defend yourself! Wrench yourself and transform into the charming maverick Dal, the Captain of the Protostar crew!

Item → Gwyn's Heirloom
Item → Wield an otherworldly artifact made of living matter and take out anything that comes in your way! Wrench yourself and transform into the master linguist Gwyn, the 'reluctant' Communications Officer of the Protostar crew who is smart, strategic, fearless and always calculating her next move!

Item → Rok's Fists
Item → Equip yourself with the fists of a Brikarian giant made out of a rocky exterior! Wrench yourself and transform into the gentle and compassionate Rok. She believes in equality for all and dreams of becoming a Science Officer for the Federation!

Item → Jankom Pog's Multi-Mitt
Item → Put on the multi-faceted implant that could fix just about anything! Wrench yourself and transform into the food-loving Jankom Pog, the stubborn Tellarite Engineer of the Protostar crew!

Item → Mek'leth
Item → Wield the Klingon Weapon found by the Protostar Crew!

Item → Mine Laser Drill
Item → Fire up a laser so powerful it could blast through rock and mine the crystals of Tars Lamora!

Item → Walter, The Manager
Item → Walter manages a warehouse.

Item → Alien Computer
Item → A computer owned by an alien.

Item → Box of Supplies
Item → A box of space supplies.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 3 - Damaged
Item → PLACEHOLDER

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 4 - Damaged
Item → PLACEHOLDER

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 11 - Damaged
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 12 - Damaged
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 17 - Damaged
Item → No info.

Item → The Runaway
Item → Traverse in the titanium chassis vehicle packed with hollow steering and accelerated ion propulsion!

Item → Starfleet Cadet's Supply Box
Item → One of the many boxes from the Protostar that spread across Growtopia on the Protostar's arrival.

Item → Starfleet Officer's Supply Box
Item → One of the many special boxes from the Protostar that spread across Growtopia on the Protostar's arrival.

Item → Protostar Starship Blast
Item → Use this astounding device to create an entirely new world containing the U.S.S. Protostar Starship.

Item → Class D Loader
Item → Ride aboard a hover truck fixed by Jankom Pog himself!

Item → Drednok's Chestplate
Item → Intimidate your enemies and impose The Diviner's Will with the dreaded tentacles of Drednok!

Item → Weather Machine - Nebula
Item → Venture through Space: The Final Frontier!

Item → Weather Machine - Protostar Landing
Item → The U.S.S. Protostar has arrived in Growtopia!

Item → Protostar Captain's Seat
Item → Sit on the seat that belongs to the Captain of the Protostar.

Item → Protostar Officer's Seat
Item → Sit on the seat that belongs to the Officers of the Protostar.

Item → Dal's Hair
Item → Put on the hair of Dal, the "Captain" of the Protostar crew!

Item → Dal's Goggles
Item → Put on the goggles of Dal, the "Captain" of the Protostar crew!

Item → Dal's Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt of Dal, the "Captain" of the Protostar crew!

Item → Dal's Pants
Item → Put on the pants of Dal, the "Captain" of the Protostar crew!

Item → Dal's Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes of Dal, the "Captain" of the Protostar crew!

Item → Gwyn's Hair
Item → Put on the hair of Gwyn, the reluctant Communications Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Gwyn's Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt of Gwyn, the reluctant Communications Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Gwyn's Pants
Item → Put on the pants of Gwyn, the reluctant Communications Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Gwyn's Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes of Gwyn, the reluctant Communications Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Rok's Hair
Item → Put on this hair and look like Rok-Tahk, the gentle and compassionate Science Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Rok's Shirt
Item → Put on this shirt and look like Rok-Tahk, the gentle and compassionate Science Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Rok's Overalls
Item → Put on these overalls and look like Rok-Tahk, the gentle and compassionate Science Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Rok's Shoes
Item → Put on these shoes and look like Rok-Tahk, the gentle and compassionate Science Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Jankom Pog's Hair
Item → Put on the hair of Jankom Pog, the Engineer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Jankom Pog's Goggles
Item → Put on the goggles of Jankom Pog, the Engineer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Jankom Pog's Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt of Jankom Pog, the Engineer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Jankom Pog's Pants
Item → Put on the pants of Jankom Pog, the Engineer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Jankom Pog's Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes of Jankom Pog, the Engineer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Zero's Containment Hood
Item → Put on the homemade containment suit of Zero, the Flight Control Officer of the Protostar Crew!!

Item → Zero's Medusan Mask
Item → Put on this mask to look like Zero, the Flight Control Officer of the Protostar Crew!!

Item → Zero's Arms
Item → Put on these hands to look like Zero, the Flight Control Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Zero's Legs
Item → Put on this pair of pants to look like Zero, the Flight Control Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Zero's Shoes
Item → Put on these shoes to look like Zero, the Flight Control Officer of the Protostar Crew!

Item → Murf Hood
Item → Put on this hood to dress up as the gelatinous creature Murf, who is faithful to the Protostar Crew!

Item → Murf Onesie
Item → Put on this onesie to dress up as the gelatinous creature Murf, who is faithful to the Protostar Crew!

Item → Janeway's Hair
Item → Put on the hair of Hologram Janeway, the Protostar's built-in emergency training hologram based on one of the most decorated captains in Starfleet history!

Item → Janeway's Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt of Hologram Janeway, the Protostar's built-in emergency training hologram based on one of the most decorated captains in Starfleet history!

Item → Janeway's Pants
Item → Put on the pants of Hologram Janeway, the Protostar's built-in emergency training hologram based on one of the most decorated captains in Starfleet history!

Item → Janeway's Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes of Hologram Janeway, the Protostar's built-in emergency training hologram based on one of the most decorated captains in Starfleet history!

Item → Starfleet Uniform Shirt
Item → Join the Protostar crew and don the shirt of the Starfleet Uniform!

Item → Starfleet Uniform Pants
Item → Join the Protostar crew and don the pants of the Starfleet Uniform!

Item → The Diviner's Hair
Item → Put on the hair of the evil and ruthless tyrant, The Diviner!

Item → The Diviner Face Paint
Item → Put on this face mask and look like the evil and ruthless tyrant, The Diviner!

Item → The Diviner's Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt of the evil and ruthless tyrant, The Diviner!

Item → The Diviner's Pants
Item → Put on the pants of the evil and ruthless tyrant, The Diviner!

Item → The Diviner's Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes of the evil and ruthless tyrant, The Diviner!

Item → Drednok's Helmet
Item → Put on this helmet to look like The Diviner's heartless and cold deadly robot enforcer, Drednok!

Item → Drednok's Robe
Item → Put on this robe to look like The Diviner's heartless and cold deadly robot enforcer, Drednok!

Item → Tars Lamora Miner Helmet
Item → Put on the helmet formerly used by the Miners of Tars Lamora.

Item → Tars Lamora Miner Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt formerly used by the Miners of Tars Lamora.

Item → Tars Lamora Miner Pants
Item → Put on the pants formerly used by the Miners of Tars Lamora.

Item → Tars Lamora Miner Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes formerly used by the Miners of Tars Lamora.

Item → Battery Block
Item → A charged battery that will light up an area.

Item → Vehicle Replicator
Item → Use the Protostar's Vehicle Replicator to make an exclusive set of items. This item can also function as a chemical combiner.

Item → Tars Lamora Drill
Item → Place this drill from the mining colonies of Tars Lamora!

Item → Janeway's Coffee
Item → Taste Janeway's favorite drink! When consumed, you will recieve a temporary Speedy mod!

Item → Nutri-goop
Item → Taste Rok's favorite food! When consumed, you will temporarily increase in size!

Item → Blood Truffle Biscuits with Sweet Radish Pie
Item → Taste Jankom Pog's favorite food! When consumed, you will recieve a temporary Punch Damage mod!

Item → Hologram Janeway UI Icon
Item → An icon for Hologram Janeway used for communication purposes.

Item → Safari Hat
Item → A hat perfect to wear when you're adventuring through a tropical jungle! Chosen by Expedidor, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for June, 2022!

Item → Repair Ship Hull Icon
Item → An icon for the missions required to fix the Protostar Ship.

Item → Collect Resources Icon
Item → An icon for the missions required to fix the Protostar Ship.

Item → Repair Protostar Containment Icon
Item → An icon for the missions required to fix the Protostar Ship.

Item → Repair Vehicle Replicator Icon
Item → An icon for the missions required to fix the Protostar Ship.

Item → Plot a Course Icon
Item → An icon for the missions required to fix the Protostar Ship.

Item → Ethereal Chains
Item → Whip these ethereal chains powered by a burning energy from another world!

Item → Pearl Butterfly Wings
Item → Come out of the crustacean cocoon and spread your shimmering wings!

Item → Poppin' Popsicle Pickaxe
Item → Swing some sweet carnage with this Poppin' Popsicle Pickaxe!

Item → Parrot Dude!
Item → Chill out with professional skateboarder Tony Parrote or as he's more popular known as Parrot Dude!

Item → Great Ball of Fire
Item → Kick off this season of fun with this burning hot sphere!

Item → Pearl Tiki Crown
Item → A Tiki Crown made of the finest mother of pearl, you could "Mop" the floor with the competition when you wear this!

Item → Pearl Bracelet
Item → Raise the power of this magic infused pearl!

Item → Phoenix Feet
Item → Release the flames of the Phoenix with these burning hot shoes! Crash down to erupt the fury of the mystical animal! History accounts that only 500 of these were ever crafted!

Item → Neptune's Crown
Item → The crown of the oceanic King Neptune himself is said to be able to release waves of water by any who wear it! Only 500 of this item will ever be available!

Item → Ultraviolet Charm
Item → Contained within this charm is pure ultraviolet energy. It is believed to enhance the capabilities of anyone who wears it. Warning: Ultraviolet Radiation is what causes sunburn. Prolonged exposure is not advised and don't forget to wear your hat and sunscreen.

Item → Coconut Crown
Item → Lead your tribe of coconut people with this primal coconut crown!

Item → Coconut Capsule
Item → Join the ancient coconut tribe by wearing their traditional clothing!

Item → Blender Bop
Item → Switch on this musical blender and bop to its classic beats!

Item → Picnic Table
Item → Set up your very own picnic table for you and all your friends!

Item → Flamingo Hat
Item → A perfect hat for when you're running with the flamingos!

Item → Banana Caution Cone
Item → Be careful! It's slippery when wet!

Item → Buddy's Sign
Item → A sign belonging to Buddy himself!

Item → Sunset Mask
Item → Shine like the burning sun itself with these slick shades!

Item → Pearl Pointdexters
Item → Show you're the smartest fashionista in town!

Item → Pearl Polo
Item → Stand out with this special pink polo!

Item → Pearl Pants
Item → Walk the runway with these shining pants!

Item → Pearl Pumps
Item → Run with these fancy pearl shoes.

Item → Pearl Arch
Item → Stand in a Tunnel of Pearls!

Item → Pearl Lamp
Item → Punch the clam to reveal a lit up pearl.

Item → Pearl Wallpaper
Item → Decorate your world with this pearl wallpaper!

Item → Mother of Pearl
Item → Design your own world with the Mother of Pearl!

Item → Fire Chakram
Item → Power yourself up with the flames of fury!

Item → Dummy Alien Computer
Item → A dummy computer owned by an alien.

Item → Ghost Pirate Head
Item → Live an undead life of terror with the flaming face of a dreaded ghost pirate!

Item → Ghost Pirate Scimitar
Item → Live an undead life of terror with the flaming blade of a dreaded ghost pirate!

Item → Neon Manta Ray
Item → It was an evil man's simple request to have a manta ray that could shoot laser beams out of its tail!

Item → Atlantean Wings
Item → These pair of wings once belonged to an ancient sea monster from the underwater city of Atlantis!

Item → Robe of Tentacles
Item → Crawl around the world with these exotic tentacles, leaving a trail of slime wherever you go!

Item → Cruisin' Crab
Item → Sidewalk through the sand with your very own Cruisin' Crab!

Item → Oceanaura
Item → Control pools of water with the heart of the ocean!

Item → bllade's Celestius
Item → A sword of magnificent beauty and power! A true achievement in craftsmanship! Sponsored by bllade for completing all epic quests! Here!

Item → Startopia NPC Character Bad
Item → Use Diplomat, Star Supplies or Stellar Docs on.

Item → Staff of Gale
Item → Harness the power of a mystical tornado and unleash its destructive power on the world around you!

Item → Royal Staff of Gale
Item → Harness the power of a mystical tornado and royally unleash its destructive power on the world around you!

Item → Pearls Currency
Item → Some lovely, shiny on the inside, pearls!

Item → BP Sand
Item → Some sand to smash for clams

Item → BP Water
Item → Some really, very dangerous, creatures!

Item → The Bartender
Item → Get outta my pub! I also love big pearls and I cannot lie!

Item → The Bouncer
Item → Let's see those tickets!

Item → Clam Chest
Item → Break for those lovely pearls!

Item → Pearl Chest
Item → What might be inside? Open it and see!

Item → Golden Pearl Chest
Item → Wow! That's got to have some fine prizes inside!

Item → Beach Party Ticket
Item → A ticket for the most exclusive beach party of your life!

Item → Vacation Van
Item → Get on the road to summer adventure!

Item → Founder of the Fancy Gentleman Club
Item → This man looks really fancy!

Item → Robert, The Robot
Item → This robot knows how to dance!

Item → Alien Menace
Item → Is this alien a threat or menace?

Item → Criminal Mastermind
Item → A trap dropping criminal who tries to ruin your day!

Item → Mark, The Mechanic
Item → With the right tools, Mark can build just about anything.

Item → Pet Teacup
Item → It's a little tea cup, short and stout, it has an handle and it has no spout!

Item → German Shepherd
Item → Known for their courage, loyalty and guarding instincts. This dog's always got your back!

Item → Pet Royal Guard
Item → Make your way through Growtopia with your very own personal guard!

Item → Pet Pink Crocodile
Item → This little reptile fires hammers out of its mouth!

Item → Pet Punching Ghost
Item → Summon a spirit to assist your on your journey!

Item → Pet Pidgeon
Item → Known for the exceptional navigation capabilities, this pet will guide you down the right path!

Item → Anubis Pharaoh Mask
Item → Let the power of Anubis shine upon you!

Item → Pharaoh Mask
Item → Let the power of the pharaoh shine upon you!

Item → Braided Golden Hair
Item → Let down your hair as you move throughout the world of Growtopia!

Item → Typewriter Hat
Item → This hat is connected to your mind writing your story as you go about your day!

Item → Arm Blades
Item → Release waves of energy as your punch with these sick arm blades!

Item → Lightning Horns
Item → A shocking display of power!

Item → Owls of Athena
Item → Send forth the Owls of Athena!

Item → DIY Wings
Item → Fly with your very own DIY Wings!

Item → Eldritch Eyes
Item → With these Eldritch Eyes, it'll burn everything in its sight.

Item → Alien Ship
Item → A ship who appears to have a  mind of its own.

Item → Lincoln, The Leprechaun
Item → Lincoln loves his gold.

Item → Alan, The Alien
Item → A man of an alien species said to live in a galaxy not to far away.

Item → Geoff, The Guard
Item → He can protect just about anything.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Platform
Item → The interior Platform of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Wall
Item → The interior Wall of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Bulkhead
Item → The interior Bulkhead of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Window
Item → The Window of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Wall Panel
Item → The interior Wall Panel of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Wall Vent
Item → The interior Wall Vent of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → U.S.S. Protostar Wall Console
Item → The interior Wall Console of the U.S.S. Protostar.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 32_1
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - 32_2
Item → No info.

Item → Starship Hull - 32_3
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - Ramp 1
Item → No info.

Item → Federation Starship Hull - Ramp 2
Item → No info.

Item → Mageblade
Item → Shock the world with this lightning lance!

Item → Lightning Boots
Item → A totally shocking pair of boots! Electrify your very being and amp yourself up to the max!

Item → Royal Lightning Boots
Item → A royally shocking pair of boots! Electrify your very being and amp yourself up to the max!

Item → Legendary Clash Key - Series 5
Item → A key to a mysterious treasure! This key is for Clash Series 5, running from Summer Clash 2022 through Spring Clash 2023. After three seasons, those who collect at least 10 of these keys will be able to open a special treasure chest. Make sure you have enough - just one won't do it!

Item → Personal Storm Cloud
Item → Strike lightning down to the ground with your very own Personal Storm Cloud!

Item → Ultra Purple Fragment
Item → A fragment of pure purple light, crystallized into a block.

Item → Garuda Wings
Item → Fire yourself up with the wings of the ancient Garuda! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 27th December, 2022.

Item → Garuda Battle Axe
Item → Flock the feathers of the Garuda Battle Axe to crush your foes!

Item → Music Amplifier
Item → Place this on the right side of a musical block and spread the music to the world!

Item → Strange Eddie Hair
Item → A hair straight out of '86!

Item → Strange Eddie Jacket
Item → The perfect jacket to wear when shredding to some metal music.

Item → Strange Eddie Pants
Item → A pair of pants worn by a talented musician!

Item → Strange Eddie Shoes
Item → Run around town with a pair of classic boots.

Item → Strange Eddie Axe
Item → A guitar so metal that it literally slashes.

Item → null_item12370
Item → Noodle's Loaf Hat
Item → Leave a trail of breadcrumbs for your pet duck to find you! Sponsored by Noodle for completing all epic quests!

Item → Mighty Legend Gauntlets
Item → Release the spirit of the tiger with your very own pair of the Mighty Legend Gatotkaca Fists.

Item → Harvest Blossom Wings
Item → A very cherry blossom pair of wings!

Item → Kimono of Chang'e
Item → A kimono powered by the magical power of the moon.

Item → Astral Aura - Rabbit
Item → Summon the spirit of ancient mythical beings!

Item → Toad King Pet
Item → Walk alongside the Toad King!

Item → Mystical Lantern
Item → Light the way on your journey.

Item → Mooncake Paper Lanterns
Item → Soar in the sky with the power of Mooncake magic!

Item → Astral Aura - Dragon
Item → Summon the spirit of ancient mythical beings!

Item → Astral Aura - Lion
Item → Summon the spirit of ancient mythical beings!

Item → Oldsock's Old Mate Ricky
Item → Become the Joey of this lovely kangaroo who's always there to protect you!

Item → Kuchisake Mask
Item → A completely normal mask, definitely not hiding something!

Item → Kuchisake Kimono
Item → Sleeve yours arm in deadly silk!

Item → null_item12399
Item → null_item12401
Item → Waay Chivo Cannon
Item → Fire off the very essences of a Legendary Mayan Beast! The literal translation is Sorcerer-Goat but Waay Chivo is waaaaay scarier!

Item → Werewolf Claws
Item → Scare like you sound, freak out a crowd and get hungry like a werewolf!

Item → Ghastly Wings
Item → Let the souls of demons flow through you with creepy pair of wings!

Item → Weather Machine - Dark Mountains
Item → Bring some terror to your world with these mountains!

Item → Hands of the Mummy
Item → Mummy, mummy, mummy. Must be scary, in a dead man's world!

Item → Wizard's Wand
Item → You're a wizard buddy! Charm the world with the mystic wand.

Item → Cursed Heartbreak Wings
Item → Break a few hearts with these cursed pair of wings!

Item → Growmlin
Item → What once was an adorable plush is now a hideous creature! Caution: He's packing heat!

Item → Shawl of Shadows
Item → Become a protector of the night with your very own Shawl of Shadows!

Item → Skull Surged Veins
Item → That's the power of skull!

Item → Mighty Legend Helm
Item → Look like the Mighty Legend Gatotkaca with this glowing helm. Wear the rest of the Mighty Legend set to unlock the power of flight!

Item → Mighty Legend Armor
Item → Look like the Mighty Legend Gatotkaca with this fascinating armor. Wear the rest of the Mighty Legend set to unlock the power of flight!

Item → Mighty Legend Pants
Item → Look like the Mighty Legend Gatotkaca with these cool pants. Wear the rest of the Mighty Legend set to unlock the power of flight!

Item → Mighty Legend Boots
Item → Look like the Mighty Legend Gatotkaca with these majestic shoes. Wear the rest of the Mighty Legend set to unlock the power of flight!

Item → Blue Gem Lock Mask
Item → This is a gem of a Blue Gem Lock Mask! Chosen by AlvisTyy, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for July, 2022!

Item → Master Magic
Item → Become a master of the magic arts and conjure runes to do your bidding!

Item → Royal Master Magic
Item → Become a master of the magic arts and conjure runes to do your bidding! Gain a new level of power with the force of royalty!

Item → Dumb Edit Profile
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Billboard 2
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → WOTD Coin
Item → The target token for the Hunt of the World of the Day.

Item → Grow Punk Helmet
Item → The perfect helmet to wear when making some sick electronic music!

Item → Men's Kimono
Item → Wear this traditional Japanese garment.

Item → Tank Top
Item → A top perfect for a day in the sun.

Item → Sad Mask
Item → A mask that perfectly captures the emotion of depression.

Item → Half-faced Scarf
Item → Stand on the edge of a building and look like the coolest vigilante ever!

Item → Ski Helmet
Item → Dashing through the snow can be dangerous so make sure to put on your safety helmet.

Item → Ski Mask
Item → Don't let people see the fear in your eyes as you ski down a mountain. The ski mask has got you covered.

Item → Widow's Hat
Item → A hat worn by a widow.

Item → Widow's Makeup
Item → Makeup worn by a widow.

Item → Widow's Corset
Item → A corset worn by a widow.

Item → Widow's Skirt
Item → A skirt worn by a widow.

Item → Jiangshi Hat
Item → A hat worn by a hopping vampire.

Item → Kamishimo Hat
Item → Wear the hat of a great samurai warrior!

Item → Kamishimo Shirt
Item → Wear the shirt of a great samurai warrior!

Item → Kamishimo Pants
Item → Wear the pants of a great samurai warrior!

Item → Yellow Raincoat
Item → Look like mustard in the middle of the rain!

Item → Infernal Shades
Item → Head into town with hottest shades out right now... literally!

Item → Tidal Shades
Item → Make waves with these tidal shades.

Item → Verdant Shades
Item → Go green and support the environment with these verdant shades.

Item → Punch Antennae
Item → Support your team with this red headband!

Item → Build Antennae
Item → Support your team with this blue headband!

Item → Grow Antennae
Item → Support your team with this green headband!

Item → Snow Goggles
Item → Put on this totally radical goggles to go skiing down a mountain!

Item → Blue Star Shirt
Item → Be a star with a shirt that's out of this universe!

Item → Grey Blazer
Item → Look fancy with this grey blazer!

Item → Messy Hair
Item → Hair that makes you look like you just woke up.

Item → Mad Scientist Hair
Item → The perfect hairstyle for laughing maniacally.

Item → Mysterious Detective's Hair
Item → Look like a mysterious detective with this secretive hairstyle.

Item → Mochi Twintails Hair
Item → A sweet pair of twintails. Change the colour of the mochi with dye!

Item → Super Stylish Black Hair
Item → Put on this super stylish black hair!

Item → Nerd Hair
Item → Look like the smartest kid in town with this haircut!

Item → Blonde Anime Hair
Item → Look like you came straight out of an anime with this hairstyle!

Item → Long Polka Dot Hair
Item → A bizarre hairstyle filled with polka dots.

Item → Donut Hair
Item → A sweet hairstyle.

Item → Long Braided Hair
Item → A hairstyle that'll make you look completely metal.

Item → Box Pleated Skirt
Item → A red skirt that's box pleated!

Item → A-line Skirt
Item → A beige skirt that's aligned!

Item → Godet Skirt
Item → A grey skirt. Not a pant. Just making sure you know!

Item → Accordion Skirt
Item → A skirt that looks like an accordion!

Item → Black Bowtie
Item → I'll have a Growtini with ice. Blended, not stirred.

Item → Cobblestone Block
Item → Cobble up some stone!

Item → Mossy Cobblestone Block
Item → Cobble up some stone covered in green!

Item → Big Old Diagonal Up Arrow
Item → It points the way to whatever you want it to!

Item → Big Old Diagonal Down Arrow
Item → It points the way to whatever you want it to!

Item → Slick Red Block
Item → Whoa! Careful you don't slip on this red oil!

Item → Slick Blue Block
Item → Whoa! Careful you don't slip on this blue oil!

Item → Slick Green Block
Item → Whoa! Careful you don't slip on this green oil!

Item → Red Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Green Awning
Item → These are surprisingly bouncy. Hold Jump as you land for maximum bounce.

Item → Golden Moyaimorph
Item → Stand out from the other heads of Easter Island with this gold costume!

Item → Growmoji Plead
Item → Feeling like asking for something? Plead with this growmoji! Just consume to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Growmoji Moyai
Item → Feeling like a Easter Island Head? Prove it with this growmoji! Just consume to add it to your available growmojis!

Item → Barista Hair
Item → Wear the slick hair of the good old Beach Party barista!

Item → Barista Shades
Item → Wear the cool shades of the good old Beach Party barista!

Item → Barista Shirt
Item → Wear the fancy shirt of the good old Beach Party barista!

Item → Barista Pants
Item → Wear the pink shorts of the good old Beach Party barista!

Item → Barista Shoes
Item → Wear the green shoes of the good old Beach Party barista!

Item → Bouncer Shades & Beard
Item → Put on the shades and beard of the Beach Party bouncer!

Item → Bouncer Shirt
Item → Put on the shirt of the Beach Party bouncer!

Item → Bouncer Pants
Item → Put on the pants of the Beach Party bouncer!

Item → Bouncer Shoes
Item → Put on the shoes of the Beach Party bouncer!

Item → Gatling Gum
Item → Shoot some sweet gumballs!

Item → Garuda Chest
Item → Who knows what ancient legends lie inside this chest? Use it on yourself to find out!

Item → Golden Garuda Chest
Item → Who knows what glorious legends lie inside this chest? Use it on yourself to find out!

Item → Garuda Feathers Block
Item → A grand, gold feathery foreground block!

Item → Garuda Feathers Background
Item → A grand, gold feathery background block!

Item → Garuda Statue
Item → A statue of the divine creature known to be the King of Birds!

Item → Garuda Mask
Item → Wear this majestic helm and become an heroic protector!

Item → Garuda Armor
Item → Wear this shining armor and become an heroic protector!

Item → Garuda Legs
Item → Wear these feathery legs and become a heroic protector!

Item → Garuda Boots
Item → Wear these stunning boots and become an heroic protector!

Item → Pocong Mask
Item → Wear this mask and rise from the dead as this supernatural being covered in a shroud!

Item → Pocong Clothes
Item → Wear these clothes and rise from the dead as this supernatural being covered in a shroud!

Item → Rice Terrace Block
Item → Take a walk by the beautiful rice terraces carved into the mountains!

Item → Monkey Statue
Item → A statue found in a sacred sanctuary!

Item → Floating Restaurant
Item → A restaurant floating above land! These boats can go as wide as the world can be!

Item → Rumah Adat Asmat
Item → A traditional house that's truly captivating!

Item → Dachshund Statue
Item → A statue of a courageous dog! Chosen by Misthios, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for August, 2022!

Item → Offering Table
Item → Offer 10 mooncakes on the table to receive 1 random reward from the Harvest Moon!

Item → Ultra World Spray
Item → Spray in a world to instantly grow all trees to full size! Can only grow 30 days of growth at the most, but that's longer than almost any item takes.

Item → Jade Rabbit
Item → A statue of the Jade Rabbit who is said to be living on the moon pounding the elixir of life.

Item → Moon Palace
Item → An ancient palace on the moon. Legends say that an Emperor is constantly roaming around it.

Item → Moon Palace Roof
Item → The roof of an ancient palace on the moon. Legends say that an Emperor is constantly roaming around it.

Item → Buddy To He
Item → A To He made in the likeness of Buddy!

Item → Harvest String Lights
Item → Light up those lamps! A string of lamps perfect for the Harvest season!

Item → Jade Warrior Pauldrons
Item → Shine with the magnificence of Jade by wearing these glorious pauldrons!

Item → Jade Warrior Armor
Item → Shine with the magnificence of Jade by wearing this glorious armor!

Item → Jade Warrior Pants
Item → Shine with the magnificence of Jade by wearing these glorious pants!

Item → Jade Warrior Boots
Item → Shine with the magnificence of Jade by wearing these glorious shoes!

Item → Popped Corn Head
Item → Popped corn on your head! You can almost smell the caramel goodness!

Item → Traditional Harvest Hat
Item → Wear this traditional harvest hat!

Item → Traditional Harvest Shirt
Item → Wear this traditional harvest shirt!

Item → Traditional Harvest Dress
Item → Wear this traditional harvest dress!

Item → Shattered Spear
Item → Fire off the blades of fury and pierce through anything that comes your way with this polearm!

Item → Kanji Scarf
Item → Look like the edgiest anime character in town with this scarf filled with the power of Kanji!

Item → Starfire Crown
Item → Let the power of this ancient crown from another world flow through you!

Item → EQ Aura
Item → Hear music wherever you are with the EQ Aura! Wrench yourself and choose a boombox block to play it's music wherever you are!

Item → Super Speeder
Item → Speed through the world with the bike from the future! Re-equip the item to switch between the ground and hover modes!

Item → Lightning Wings
Item → Shock the world with these pair of wings that will literally electrocute you!

Item → Minokawa Wings
Item → Let the Minokawa's spirit shine upon you with this beautiful pair of wings! Wrench yourself to summon the Minokawa itself! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until 20th February, 2023.

Item → Growtronic Halo
Item → Use the power of the Growtronic Halo from the future to break down the world to atoms!

Item → Royal Growtronic Halo
Item → Use the power of the Royal Growtronic Halo from the future to break down the world to atoms! The royal variant was used by the coolest people in the future hence the RGB!

Item → Altair
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Altair, a Mentor of the Levantine Brotherhood of Assassins, and challenge yourself as you fight to find the truth!

Item → Eivor
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Eivor, a Viking Shieldmaiden and Jarlskona, and challenge yourself as you wave your own destiny!

Item → Bayek
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Bayek, one of the last Medjay of Egypt and the Founder of the Hidden Ones, and challenge yourself as you bring balance to the world!

Item → Moon Palace Door
Item → The door to an ancient palace on the moon. Legends say that an Emperor is constantly roaming around it.

Item → Assassin's Creed Lock
Item → Assassin's Creed! Place this mysterious lock and transport yourself back to the Renaissance era!

Item → Pontianak Pet
Item → We're not the fortunate ones, ghouls just want to have fun!

Item → Fist of Vengeance
Item → Become the knight of the darkness and strike down your foes with the Fist of Vengeance!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance House
Item → Adore the beautiful houses of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance Balustrade
Item → Adore the beautiful balustrades of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance Road
Item → Adore the beautiful roads of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance Arch
Item → Adore the beautiful arches of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance Roof
Item → Adore the beautiful arches of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance Scaffolding
Item → Adore the beautiful scaffoldings of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Renaissance Topiary
Item → Adore the beautiful topiaries of the renaissance era!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Wanted Poster
Item → A wanted poster of an assassin!

Item → Assassin's Creed: Hay Checkpoint
Item → Only those who have taken a leap of faith can pass through this point!

Item → Assassin's Creed Building Supply
Item → A crate packed with everything you need to create Assassin's Creed style Parkour!

Item → Wonder Provider
Item → Bring the wonder and find yourself some special blocks!

Item → Used Wonder Provider
Item → This wonderful machine is out of order, sorry!

Item → Sprout Hat
Item → A hat topped with sprouts! Chosen by PAEDRIP, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for September, 2022!

Item → Neon Circuit Block
Item → Connect circuitry to make some cool creations!

Item → Ghoulish Block
Item → A creepy ghastly block!

Item → GFW Bucket Block
Item → It's chicken dripping good!

Item → Party Plume Topiary
Item → A beautiful topiary of what appears to be a peacock!

Item → Aqua Trident Statue
Item → People still argue whether or not this trident belongs to Neptune or Poseidon. Guess we'll never know!

Item → Wyvern Statue Block
Item → A statue of the beautiful wyvern!

Item → Piano Platform
Item → Line up those keys for a classic black and white look!

Item → Bling Background
Item → Check out this drip!

Item → Lucid Sculpture Block
Item → An ice sculpture, never understood why these are so popular in weddings.

Item → Sakura Sushi Block
Item → Also known as, the Sakura California Roll! Place this block and admire its raw beauty!

Item → Neon Party Machine Background
Item → Get the party started with this sick machine!

Item → Robot Lord Machine Wallpaper
Item → The Robot Lord's mysterious machine, never knows what its capable of!

Item → Shattered Arch Block
Item → An arch shattered after an ancient battle!

Item → Super Background
Item → A background that came from the future!

Item → Starfire Background
Item → A background that came from an ancient alien planet!

Item → Kanji Canvas Block
Item → A canvas showcasing a special kanji!

Item → Lightning Bottle Block
Item → Prove them wrong as you do the unthinkable, catching Lightning in a Bottle!

Item → Minokawa Statue Block
Item → A statue of the mystic Minokawa!

Item → Lightning Umbrella Checkpoint
Item → An umbrella that lights up as you pass through it!

Item → EQ Platform
Item → Raise the levels with this sick EQ Platform!

Item → Sacred Scarf Block
Item → An ancient scarf passed down through generations!

Item → Party Plume Mask
Item → Join the masquerade ball with this mysterious mask!

Item → Neon Wings Shirt
Item → Equip yourself with this lit shirt!

Item → Sacred Hood
Item → Look like a member of an ancient civilization with this Sacred Hood!

Item → Lucid Hair
Item → One of the coolest hairs you'll ever see!

Item → Minokawa Helm
Item → Become a Minokawa Warrior as you don this ancient helmet!

Item → Starfire Armor
Item → Charge yourself with this armor from an alien planet!

Item → Altair's Hood
Item → Look like the Master Assassin, Altair, with this hood!

Item → Altair's Vest
Item → Look like the Master Assassin, Altair, with this vest!

Item → Altair's Trousers
Item → Look like the Master Assassin, Altair, with these trousers!

Item → Altair's Boots
Item → Look like the Master Assassin, Altair, with these boots!

Item → Bayek's Hood
Item → Look like the Medjay of Egypt, Bayek, with this hood!

Item → Bayek's Vest
Item → Look like the Medjay of Egypt, Bayek, with this vest!

Item → Bayek's Trousers
Item → Look like the Medjay of Egypt, Bayek, with these trousers!

Item → Bayek's Boots
Item → Look like the Medjay of Egypt, Bayek, with these boots!

Item → Eivor's Hair
Item → Look like the Viking Shieldwoman, Eivor, with this hair!

Item → Eivor's Tattoos
Item → Look like the Viking Shieldwoman, Eivor, with these tattoos!

Item → Eivor's Vest
Item → Look like the Viking Shieldwoman, Eivor, with this vest!

Item → Eivor's Trousers
Item → Look like the Viking Shieldwoman, Eivor, with these trousers!

Item → Eivor's Boots
Item → Look like the Viking Shieldwoman, Eivor, with these boots!

Item → Halloween Candy
Item → A pack of treats given for performing tricks during Halloween. A hundred of these can be converted into a basket that you can use to trade for gifts from the Shady Salesman in Growganoth.

Item → Halloween Basket
Item → A basket of treats stacked from candy earned by performing tricks during Halloween. You can use to trade for gifts from the Shady Salesman in Growganoth.

Item → Mary's Mirror
Item → Take a good look at your face! It won't be there for too long.

Item → Digital Monster Block
Item → Take care of your own virtual monster with this new device!

Item → Carved Pumpkin Hat
Item → A hat carved from the perfect pumpkin!

Item → Carved Pumpkin Onesie
Item → A onesie carved from the perfect pumpkin!

Item → Dancing Zombie
Item → The night creatures call and the dead start to dance!

Item → Ghost Dumplings Hat
Item → These dumplings are absolutely perfect. They're to die for.

Item → Cliff, The Cerberus
Item → This big red three headed hound is as big as a trampoline! Functions like one too!

Item → Crystal Ball Buddy
Item → Buddy of the Crystal Ball, what is your wisdom?

Item → Vined Grandfather Clock
Item → A creepy old clock from the Inside Out, four chimes of this will have you running up the hills!

Item → Vined Statue of Enlightenment
Item → This symbol of liberty has been consumed by the Inside Out!

Item → Obake Lantern
Item → Be careful passing one of these, it's no ordinary lantern!

Item → Jolly Jelly
Item → Don't let his smiley face fool you. This ain't no regular Jelly Block, it's really a gelatinous monster who has eaten people.

Item → Spooky Ghost Block
Item → Set these up in your world to scare visitors!

Item → Monster Mummy Nemes
Item → Walk like a mummy with this monster nemes!

Item → Monster Mummy Mask
Item → Walk like a mummy with this monster mask!

Item → Monster Mummy Chestplate
Item → Walk like a mummy with this monster chestplate!

Item → Monster Mummy Tunic
Item → Walk like a mummy with this monster tunic!

Item → Monster Mummy Feet
Item → Walk like a mummy with these monster feet!

Item → Werewolf Hair
Item → Succumb to the light of the full moon as you turn into a werewolf with this furry hair!

Item → Werewolf Beard
Item → Succumb to the light of the full moon as you turn into a werewolf with this furry beard!

Item → Werewolf Jacket
Item → Succumb to the light of the full moon as you turn into a werewolf with this torn jacket!

Item → Werewolf Jeans
Item → Succumb to the light of the full moon as you turn into a werewolf with these torn jeans!

Item → Werewolf Feet
Item → Succumb to the light of the full moon as you turn into a werewolf with these furry feet!

Item → Wicked Wizard Hair
Item → Solemnly swear that you are up to no good with this wicked hair!

Item → Wicked Wizard Scar
Item → Solemnly swear that you are up to no good with this wicked scar!

Item → Wicked Wizard Robes
Item → Solemnly swear that you are up to no good with these wicked robes!

Item → Wicked Wizard Pants
Item → Solemnly swear that you are up to no good with these wicked pants!

Item → Wicked Wizard Shoes
Item → Solemnly swear that you are up to no good with these wicked shoes!

Item → Shady Salesman
Item → What are you buying stranger? Find me in Growganoth for some sweet gifts!

Item → SaeedRu's Ghutra
Item → A traditional headwear worn in the Middle East! Sponsored by SaeedRu for completing all epic quests!

Item → Halloween Gift Box
Item → Open this box to receive a spooky gift!

Item → Halloween Special Gift Box
Item → Open this box to receive a special spooky gift!

Item → Cape of Dunes
Item → Control the very essence of the land itself with the Cape of Dunes!

Item → Royal Cape of Dunes
Item → Control the very essence of the land itself with the Royal Cape of Dunes! Infused with the magical powers granted by a mystic force, these royal editions were only given to those are worthy!

Item → Mask of Courage
Item → Show you're a King of the Sun with this Mask of Courage! Chosen by PMT, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for October, 2022!

Item → Superstar Background
Item → Make your world shine with this dazzling Superstar Background!

Item → Sgt. Stuffins' Wings
Item → Don the wings of the beak boss of the Poultry Platoon!

Item → Weather Machine - Mt. Growmore
Item → Stop by this Grownational monument and see the Founding Fathers of Growtopia!

Item → Star Spangled Shield
Item → Throw your mighty frisbee at your foes! Don't worry, it will always come back to you!

Item → Stars and Stripes Cape
Item → Be a symbol of the nation with this floating cape!

Item → Growtronic Food Replicator
Item → Convert water into food with this mad scientist's experiment!

Item → Diner Couch
Item → Sip some milkshakes and eat some fries while sitting at the Diner!

Item → Presidential Chair
Item → A chair divided against itself can not stand!

Item → Noir American Eagle Wings
Item → Spread the wings of the national bird of America! Now comes in Black!

Item → Black Ultraviolet Charm
Item → Contained within the new black edition of this charm is pure ultraviolet energy. It is believed to enhance the capabilities of anyone who wears it. Warning: Ultraviolet Radiation is what causes sunburn. Prolonged exposure is not advised and don't forget to wear your hat and sunscreen.

Item → Black Neon Party Yo-Yo
Item → Pull off some cool party tricks with this crazy Yo-Yo! Now in Black!

Item → Scepter of Shadows
Item → Release the lifeforce of lost souls to do you bidding!

Item → Matrix Trenchcoat
Item → Become the chosen one with this new trenchcoat!

Item → Street Dog
Item → A curious critter blending into the streets! Ever loyal and always ready to lend a hand when times are tough. Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!

Item → Street Rabbit
Item → A curious critter blending into the streets! Ready for action with a hop skip and a jump! Wrench yourself and choose Transform to transform!

Item → Candy Cane Bow
Item → Dash your way through the snow with this holiday bow!

Item → Red Panda Spirit
Item → Put on this cute little red panda hat and wrench yourself to transform into one yourself!

Item → Royal Red Panda Spirit
Item → Put on this cute royal red panda hat and wrench yourself to transform into one yourself! This royal edition was made exclusively for only the most fashionable folks in town!

Item → Royal Winter Seal Pet
Item → Walk alongside your very own Royal Winter Seal!

Item → Snowboard
Item → Get yourself up to Cloud 9 with this sick snowboard!

Item → Freezing Fists
Item → Fight fire with... ice? Cool things down with your freezing fists!

Item → Ursal Hood
Item → Take part in The Bear Dance with you very own Ursal Hood!

Item → Candle Crown
Item → Show your wax royalty with the prestigious Candle Crown!

Item → Icicle Lance
Item → Swing your icicle lance to cool your foes!

Item → Boots of Deepest Winter
Item → Freeze your path as you walk about your day!

Item → Riding Gavle Goat
Item → Ride on top of this traditional Christmas display!

Item → Snow Monarch's Mantle
Item → Wear the cape of the Monarch who once turned the land to an endless winter... that ended. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until May 1st, 2023.

Item → Diamond Warrior Helm
Item → Become a warrior of the Diamond Clan with this bejeweled helm!

Item → Diner Background
Item → A classic background found at some of the best diners in the world!

Item → Campaign Poster
Item → Support Buddy by setting up campaign posters all over Growtopia!

Item → Welcome To Growtopia Sign
Item → What happens in Growtopia stays in Growtopia!

Item → Stars and Stripes Hat
Item → I want you to wear this hat!

Item → Statesman Hair
Item → I want you to wear this statesman wig!

Item → Stars and Stripes Suit
Item → I want you to wear this suit!

Item → Stars and Stripes Pants
Item → I want you to wear these pants!

Item → Stars and Stripes Cap
Item → I want you to wear this cap!

Item → Liberty Hair
Item → I want you to wear this wig of liberty!

Item → Stars and Stripes Shawl
Item → I want you to wear this shawl!

Item → Stars and Stripes Dress
Item → I want you to wear this dress!

Item → Two Turtle Doves
Item → My true love gave this to me on the second day of Christmas! Along with a Partridge in a Pear Tree!

Item → Icicle Mohawk
Item → Look like the COOLEST punk in town with this sick mohawk!

Item → Creme Crown
Item → A crown baked by some man who lives on Druley Lane!

Item → Malanka Mask
Item → Wear this mask for the Winter Holidays!

Item → Sami Hat
Item → Wear this traditional Sami hat!

Item → Sami Shirt
Item → Wear this traditional Sami shirt!

Item → Sami Pants
Item → Wear these traditional Sami pants!

Item → Sami Dress
Item → Wear this traditional Sami dress!

Item → Winter Bush Hood
Item → Be a mighty king or queen with this hood!

Item → Winter Bush Onesie
Item → Be a mighty king or queen with this onesie!

Item → Festive Fence
Item → Come on and celebrate good times with this festive fence!

Item → Chocolate Checkpoint
Item → Grab a bit of chocolate off this checkpoint and make a run for it! Don't feel too guilty about it, it'll get restocked eventually!

Item → Diamond Calavera Skull
Item → Celebrate this season with this sweet Diamond Calavera Skull!

Item → Diamond Lollipop Garden
Item → Popped out of the ground from magic diamond beans.

Item → Diamond Cupid Statue
Item → A diamond statue of the Angel of Love.

Item → Diamond Shamrock Checkpoint
Item → Always diamond, check! Always fancy, check! Point, Check! Checkpoint!

Item → Diamond Pineapple House
Item → Who lives in a Diamond Pineapple over the land? You do with your very own Diamond Pineapple House!

Item → Diamond Pineapple Window
Item → Who lives in a Diamond Pineapple over the land? You do with your very own Diamond Pineapple Window!

Item → Diamond Pineapple Door
Item → Who lives in a Diamond Pineapple over the land? You do with your very own Diamond Pineapple Door!

Item → Happy Holidays Hat
Item → A perfect hat for those harsh winters!

Item → Infinity Crown
Item → Infinite possibilities! Wrench this crown to change its various features to make it your own! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until June 26th, 2023.

Item → Matrix Dirt
Item → The most technical block of all, only this time it's made out of hard light and trillions of lines of code! Whoa!

Item → Bean Visor
Item → Heard this is a pretty popular fashion sense nowadays!

Item → Punk Jacket
Item → Rock out with this sick punk jacket dude!

Item → Black Neon Pants
Item → A Black Friday exclusive pair of pants! Black and neon is pretty much the perfect combo isn't it?

Item → Streak Hair
Item → A hair straight out of the emo phase! Dye your hair to colour the streak!

Item → Shady Shades
Item → Look covert with these pair of Shady Shades!

Item → Space Badger Ears
Item → A pair of Space Badger Ears!

Item → Space Dog Ears
Item → A pair of Space Dog Ears!

Item → Space Mouse Ears
Item → A pair of Space Mouse Ears!

Item → Space Pig Ears
Item → A pair of Space Pig Ears!

Item → Space Rabbit Ears
Item → A pair of Space Rabbit Ears!

Item → Turkey Fight Entrance
Item → Used for the fight against the Sgt. Stuffins the boss turkey.

Item → Tattered Cloak
Item → The tattered remains of a once loved cloak. Chosen by Luzk, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for November, 2022!

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2022
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar for 2022, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2022
Item → Winterfest 2022 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Disco Fever
Item → You can tell by the way you throw this ball, you're a disco dude, no time to talk!

Item → Lightning Guitar
Item → Take playing an electric guitar to a whole new level as you fire lightning at your foes.

Item → Rave Cap
Item → You can dance! You can jive! Have the time of your life as you light the world with this rave cap!

Item → Aluminiwings
Item → Celebrate Growtopia's Aluminum Jubilee with this shiny pair of wings!

Item → 10th Anniversary Block
Item → TEN YEARS! A whole decade! We are going full on celebrations this year. So, as a thank you for your continued support, please join us in celebrating this monumental achievement with this futuristic block!

Item → Shiny Mannequin
Item → Dress up your sparkling mannequin with clothes! Use your Wrench to change the sign on it.

Item → Sprinkle Jetpack
Item → Release hundreds and thousands of sprinkles as you take to the skies!

Item → Weather Machine - Crack in Reality
Item → The multiverse is real! Stare into the different realities and ponder the question... what if?!

Item → Candy Cane Elf Hat
Item → Dress up this holiday season as a jolly elf of St. Nick himself!

Item → Candy Cane Elf Suit
Item → Dress up this holiday season as a jolly elf of St. Nick himself!

Item → Candy Cane Elf Stockings
Item → Dress up this holiday season as a jolly elf of St. Nick himself!

Item → Candy Cane Elf Boots
Item → Dress up this holiday season as a jolly elf of St. Nick himself!

Item → Dancing Reindeer
Item → Press this reindeer to make it dance!

Item → Sami Shoes
Item → Wear these traditional Sami shoes!

Item → Winter Solstice Lights
Item → Set up some lights to celebrate the holiday season!

Item → Last Christmas Cut
Item → Last Christmas, you got a haircut! And the very next day, you shaved it away!

Item → Scarf of Chains
Item → Release the power of these enchanted chains forged of phenomenal power!

Item → Royal Scarf of Chains
Item → Release the power of these enchanted chains forged of phenomenal power! The royal variants have been encrusted in the glory of gold!

Item → Worn Obsidian Pickaxe
Item → This pickaxe was made from an old chunk of glass found in one of Growtopia's volcanoes. Looks cool but not very effective at breaking things. Chosen by Vismo, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for December, 2022!

Item → Birthday Cake Hat
Item → Cake! Cake! Cake! Grow up with this sweet style!

Item → Golden Moyaimorph Mask
Item → Its like a hockey mask but ten times heavier... and shinier!

Item → null_item13032
Item → Fidget Spinner Pinwheel
Item → Spin this wheel right round like a record buddy!

Item → Party Mocktail Table
Item → Stand around these while partying with your friends!

Item → Buddy Balloons
Item → A set of balloons made in honor of the Buddy himself!

Item → Fairy Bread Block
Item → Filled with hundreds and thousands of sprinkles!

Item → Neon Kabuki Mask
Item → Look like a cyber punk with this sick mask!

Item → Fox Ears
Item → What does the Growtopian say?!

Item → Fox Onesie
Item → What does the Growtopian say?!

Item → Birthday Band Hair
Item → Cave in and party hard with this sick haircut!

Item → Mythic Vermillion Crown
Item → Summon the power of the Vermillion Bird of the South with this glorious crown!

Item → WOTD Trophy 2023
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2023.

Item → Lunar Chest
Item → Who knows what ancient treasures lie inside this chest? Use it on yourself to find out!

Item → The Monster Nian
Item → This legendary beast has returned to the mountains! Use Chinese Fireworks to scare it away!

Item → Riding Nian
Item → Ride aboard the legendary beast and release the flames of his fury!

Item → Lunar Drum
Item → Make some noise with your very own lunar drum! This once scared away the legendary Nian ages ago!

Item → Firework Wings
Item → Light up the world with these always bursting firework wings!

Item → 2023 - Zodiac Year of the Rabbit
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Rabbit are sensitive, artistic, romantic and kind. They are known to be faithful for those around them. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → Celestial Hound
Item → This ancient pal will always be known as a Growtopian's Best Friend!

Item → Draconic Crown
Item → Take to the skies with the fire of the Draconic Crown! There are only 600 in existence!

Item → Weather Machine - Nian's Mountains
Item → Admire the ancient beauty of the Nian's Mountains!

Item → Iron Fan's Hair
Item → Journey to the east with the crown of the villainous Iron Fan!

Item → Emperor's New Robes
Item → Look like the Emperor of the ancient world with these fancy robes!

Item → Wujing's Beads
Item → Journey to the east with the beads of a kind hearted man!

Item → Year of the Rabbit Mask
Item → The rabbit is the fourth of the zodiac animals. Limited only to the Year of the Rabbit! Myth has it, that the order of the Zodiac Animals, was determined by a race. The rabbit placed fourth thanks to its ability to hop on stepping stone at the river!!

Item → Zodiac Rabbit Ears
Item → A pair of fancy bunny ears! They still cover your actual ears though!

Item → Zodiac Rabbit Onesie
Item → A fancy bunny suit! Wouldn't wear it for the fall formal though!

Item → Year of The Rabbit Statue
Item → A statue of the zodiac rabbit! Growtopians born in the Year of the Rabbit are sensitive, artistic, romantic and kind.

Item → Maneki-neko
Item → A fancy kitty that shall bring you good fortune!

Item → Festival Lanterns
Item → Set up these beautiful lanterns for the wonderful festival!

Item → Stack of Lanterns
Item → Stack these perfect lanterns in your world!

Item → Terracotta Couch
Item → This ancient furniture has been passed down through generations! Clearly a carpenter's masterpiece!

Item → Vase of Souls
Item → Legend says that this antique holds a thousand souls!

Item → Dragon Decorations
Item → Set up some shiny decorations featuring the dragon!

Item → Hanging Fan
Item → Hang this fancy fan on a wall!

Item → Jade Pillar
Item → A beautiful pillar made out of pure Jade!

Item → Year of the Rabbit Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Boosted Boots
Item → These high-tech boots are the most advanced footwear on the market! Jump to boost yourself up and take to the skies!

Item → Wings of Glory
Item → Raise to the skies with the glory of these colour-changing wings!

Item → Royal Wings of Glory
Item → Raise to the skies with the glory of these colour-changing wings! This shiny variant has been forged by the rarest gold found only at the ends of a rainbow!

Item → Delicate Desk Lamp
Item → This delicate little Desk Lamp is just too precious to put down! Chosen by Wikael, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for January, 2023!

Item → Dynamite Sparks
Item → Light it up like dynamite with these sparkling stars!

Item → Stained Glass Scepter
Item → A scepter that's shining, shimmering, splendid!

Item → Crimson Thief Mask
Item → Summon the Guardian Angel of Love with the mystic power of the Crimson Thief Mask!

Item → Bear That Cares
Item → This adorable little guy is always there for you!

Item → Centaur Legs
Item → Trot about with your own pair of horse legs! Goes great with long flowing hair!

Item → Buddy of Stone Statue
Item → A statue of the legend himself!

Item → Crimson Thief Hair
Item → Dye this hair to create your very own persona!

Item → Crimson Thief Coat
Item → Show up in style with this fancy coat!

Item → Crimson Thief Pants
Item → Show up in style with these fancy pants!

Item → Strawberry Hair
Item → Walk into town with this vibrant hairstyle!

Item → Strawberry Dress
Item → Walk into town with this vibrant dress!

Item → Ice Cream Crown
Item → An absolutely beautiful crown! There's no way to top this... well maybe except with some hot fudge.

Item → Golden Stained Glass Scepter
Item → A golden scepter that's shining, shimmering, splendid!

Item → Pile of Hearts
Item → Walk about in a pile of hearts. Be careful to not get a paper cut though!

Item → Cotton Candy Cape
Item → Roam around the world with this sweet cape!

Item → Heartstone Circlet
Item → This circlet beats to the beat of your heart!

Item → Rink of Love
Item → Slide across this lovely ice rink!

Item → Fountain of Love
Item → A fountain filled with flowing strawberry milk!

Item → Cherry Blossom Pinwheel
Item → Buddy got them cherry blossom wheels, petals with the blur! With the blur! Got the whole world looking at nature!

Item → Cotton Candy Swirl
Item → A beautiful swirl of Cotton Candy!

Item → Cotton Candy Swirl Background
Item → A beautiful swirl of Cotton Candy... that's just really far away!

Item → Corny Couple Shirt
Item → The perfect shirt to wear with your better half!

Item → null_item13156
Item → UbiToken
Item → Combine a hundred of these special tokens to receive a reward!

Item → UbiCrate
Item → Break one of these special crates to receive a reward! This crate is totally jam packed with cool items and blocks inspired from many Ubisoft games.

Item → Slopestyle Bike
Item → Riders Republic! Unbeatable for quick spins and fast tricks, the lightweight Slopestyle bike has got you covered!

Item → Iroquois Helmet
Item → Riders Republic! Perfect for high speed! Leave trails of smoke behind you with the Iroquois helmet!

Item → Alveolar Crossed Lens
Item → Riders Republic! Snap on a pair of these large lenses, the Alveolar Crossed Lens is perfect for any extreme smoke!

Item → Pet Chorizo
Item → Far Cry! Look at this perfect little sausage, this furry friend fancies a fantastic feast!

Item → Anton Castillo's Hair
Item → Far Cry! Forge your own paradise and take the role of El Presidente, Anton Castillo!

Item → Anton Castillo's Beard
Item → Far Cry! Forge your own paradise and take the role of El Presidente, Anton Castillo!

Item → Anton Castillo's Suit
Item → Far Cry! Forge your own paradise and take the role of El Presidente, Anton Castillo!

Item → Vaas Montenegro's Hair
Item → Far Cry! Become the ruler of your own Kingdom and take the role of the insane warlord Vaas Montenegro!

Item → Vaas Montenegro's Beard
Item → Far Cry! Become the ruler of your own Kingdom and take the role of the insane warlord Vaas Montenegro!

Item → Vaas Montenegro's Vest
Item → Far Cry! Become the ruler of your own Kingdom and take the role of the insane warlord Vaas Montenegro!

Item → Pagan Min's Hair
Item → Far Cry! Rule Kyrat through fear and take the role of the flamboyant Pagan Min!

Item → Pagan Min's Suit
Item → Far Cry! Rule Kyrat through fear and take the role of the flamboyant Pagan Min!

Item → Pagan Min's Pants
Item → Far Cry! Rule Kyrat through fear and take the role of the flamboyant Pagan Min!

Item → Microphone Madness
Item → Take center stage as you sing your heart out and give in to the music.

Item → Dagger of Time
Item → Prince of Persia! Embark on a journey to save your Kingdom with the weapon linked to the Sands of Time!

Item → Just Dance Panda Mask
Item → Just Dance! Get dancin' on the floor with the extravagant Panda!

Item → Just Dance Panda Onesie
Item → Just Dance! Get dancin' on the floor with the extravagant Panda!

Item → Rabbid Buddy
Item → Rabbids! Take the form of a Rabbid playing Growtopia dressup! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until July 5th, 2023.

Item → The Traveler's Cape
Item → Just Dance! Wear the cape of the mysterious guardian and travel through new worlds!

Item → Rayman Lock
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Dream Forest with this juicy lock!

Item → Rayman - Dream Forest Dirt
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Dream Forest with this dirt!

Item → Rayman - Dream Forest Lianas
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Dream Forest with these lianas!

Item → Rayman - Dream Forest Platform
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Dream Forest with this platform!

Item → Rayman - Dream Forest Spikes
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Dream Forest with these spikes!

Item → Rayman - Band Land Bridge
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Band Land with this bridge!

Item → Rayman - Band Land Flute
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Band Land with this flute!

Item → Rayman - Band Land Pinwheel
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Band Land with this pinwheel!

Item → Rayman - Band Land Platform
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Band Land with this platform!

Item → Rayman - Band Land Drum
Item → Rayman! Turn the world into your very own Band Land with this drum!

Item → Aurora and Igniculus
Item → Child of Light! An adventure awaits you and the firefly Igniculus. Transform into Aurora and soar through the world! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until July 5th, 2023.

Item → Aurora's Crown
Item → Child of Light! An adventure awaits you. Embark on it with the crown of the princess of Lemuria!

Item → Aurora's Hair
Item → Child of Light! An adventure awaits you. Embark on it with the hair of the princess of Lemuria!

Item → Aurora's Dress
Item → Child of Light! An adventure awaits you. Embark on it with the dress of the princess of Lemuria!

Item → Archangel Wings
Item → Might and Magic! Wear the wings of the Michael, the General of the Holy Falcon Empire and the most powerful archangel to ever exist! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until July 5th, 2023.

Item → Archangel Hair
Item → Might and Magic! Wear the hair of Michael, the General of the Holy Falcon Empire and the most powerful archangel to ever exist!

Item → Archangel Tattoos
Item → Might and Magic! Wear the tattoos of Michael, the General of the Holy Falcon Empire and the most powerful archangel to ever exist!

Item → Archangel Armor
Item → Might and Magic! Wear the armor of Michael, the General of the Holy Falcon Empire and the most powerful archangel to ever exist!

Item → Archangel Trousers
Item → Might and Magic! Wear the trousers of Michael, the General of the Holy Falcon Empire and the most powerful archangel to ever exist!

Item → Archangel Boots
Item → Might and Magic! Wear the boots of Michael, the General of the Holy Falcon Empire and the most powerful archangel to ever exist!

Item → Winston Mask
Item → Watch Dogs Legion! Become a symbol of the resistance and put on this mask to hide your identity!

Item → Spitfire Mask
Item → Watch Dogs Legion! Become a symbol of the resistance and put on this mask to hide your identity!

Item → Ded Coronet Mask
Item → Watch Dogs Legion! Become a symbol of the resistance and put on this mask to hide your identity!

Item → Fenyx's Hair
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Journey on an epic quest to unveil your origins and become the legend you were destined to be!

Item → Fenyx's Armor
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Journey on an epic quest to unveil your origins and become the legend you were destined to be!

Item → Fenyx's Skirt
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Journey on an epic quest to unveil your origins and become the legend you were destined to be!

Item → Fenyx's Boots
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Journey on an epic quest to unveil your origins and become the legend you were destined to be!

Item → Bodvar's Beard
Item → Brawlhalla! Wear the beard of Bodvar, The Unconquered Viking of Brawlhalla and place yourself as one of Valhalla's greatest champions!

Item → Val's Hair
Item → Brawlhalla! Wear the hair of Val, The Weapon of Brawlhalla and solve the mysteries of Valhalla!

Item → Mean Machine
Item → It's bigger! It's better! Check out this beast from the underworld, it's the terrifying Mean Machine!

Item → Royal Mean Machine
Item → It's bigger! It's better! Check out this beast from the underworld, it's the terrifying Mean Machine! This hot rod variant is owned by only the best truck drivers in Growtopia!

Item → Sleepless Stare
Item → All those late nights are starting to show on your eyes! Your eyes seem to have dried open and won't move, maybe you should enter a staring contest. Chosen by monstercoook, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for February, 2023!

Item → Riding Rhino
Item → Charge into the wilderness with your friendly rhino!

Item → Scarlet Macaw Wings
Item → Display the beauty of the Scarlet Macaw with this beautiful pair of rainbow wings!

Item → Jellyfish Trio
Item → Make a shocking entrance with this electrifying trio of jellyfish!

Item → Arlequin Toad Pet
Item → Hop with your colourful little friend!

Item → Snow Leopard Pet
Item → Give your shy little friend some company!

Item → Frilled-neck Lizard Pet
Item → You wouldn't want to missing running with a frilled-neck lizard, they're adorable!

Item → Giraffe Pet
Item → The fiery giraffe, known for being the tallest animal in the world!

Item → Jellyfish Beanie
Item → This beanie is all the fashion underseas!

Item → Jellyfish Onesie
Item → This onesie is all the fashion underseas!

Item → Rhino Onesie
Item → Look like a charging rhino with this sharp suit!

Item → Scarlet Macaw Charm
Item → Become one with the Scarlet Macaw by getting close to becoming one of their own!

Item → Turtle Block
Item → Get shell shocked with this tough turtle shell!

Item → Zebra Block
Item → Can't tell if zebras are black with white stripes or white with black stripes!

Item → Coral Reef Block
Item → Life's always better where things are wetter under the sea!

Item → Earth Block
Item → Make the world a greater place!

Item → Lion Mask
Item → Be a mighty king like no one has before!

Item → Wild Grass
Item → Running through these are a wonderful feeling.

Item → Rainforest Roots
Item → These looks like veins but for the ground!

Item → Swamp Stump
Item → Some buddy once told me this swamp was gona roll me, but this is the perfect stump for a swamp!

Item → Red Bouncy Mushroom
Item → Bounce of this red polka dot mushroom block!

Item → Blue Bouncy Mushroom
Item → Bounce of this blue mushroom block!

Item → Sideways Vines
Item → Skate through the branches of this lovely planet!

Item → Banana Barrel
Item → With this barrel there, any party's going to be a blast!

Item → Rhino Hood
Item → Look like a charging rhino with this sharp hood!

Item → Scarlet Macaw Hood
Item → Become one with the Scarlet Macaw by getting close to becoming one of their own!

Item → Scarlet Macaw Pants
Item → Become one with the Scarlet Macaw by getting close to becoming one of their own!

Item → Eco
Item → Grow this little seed and be rewarded for your contribution. Help save our environment and the amazing creatures in it. Be a part of the solution and help responsibly plant billions of trees every year by supporting Ecologi and their work.

Item → Golden Eco
Item → Grow this little seed and be rewarded for your contribution. Help save our environment and the amazing creatures in it. Be a part of the solution and help responsibly plant billions of trees every year by supporting Ecologi and their work.

Item → Banshee's Hair
Item → Create an aura of mist as you use the power of the Banshee!

Item → The Oillipheist
Item → This mystical beast has the ability to change form depending on what terrain it is in!

Item → Werewolf Hood of Ossory
Item → Summon the ancient wolf spirit with the Werewolf Hood of Ossory!

Item → Shamrock Staff
Item → Send forth the serpent creature with the force of your Shamrock Staff!

Item → Rainbow Charm
Item → Leave a trail of rainbows in the world! Maybe dress up as a cat too!

Item → Midas Touch
Item → Turn whatever you touch into gold with the Midas Touch!

Item → Corned Beef Drum Shotgun
Item → Blast away with this holiday delicacy!

Item → Blingin' Board
Item → Go with the gold! Leave a trail of bling behind you!

Item → The Brat
Item → Dress up with this traditional clothing!

Item → Brogue Shoes
Item → Run around town with a pair of old man shoes!

Item → Cliffs of Moher
Item → Admire the view from the Cliffs of Moher!

Item → Gold Monitor Checkpoint
Item → Gotta go fast to pass this checkpoint!

Item → Far Darrig
Item → This little gnome will guard your garden!

Item → Lucky Shamrock Seat
Item → St. Patrick's Week is coming and looks like there's an open seat!

Item → Celtic Wheel
Item → A golden wheel from ancient times.

Item → The Wonderful Barn
Item → Build your own wonderful barn!

Item → Celtic Background
Item → Wonder at the architecture of the Celtic interior!

Item → Aran Sweater - Green
Item → Wear this traditional green sweater.

Item → Aran Sweater - Orange
Item → Wear this traditional orange sweater.

Item → Gem Shades
Item → It's rainin' gems! Hallelujah!

Item → World Lock Shades
Item → I got world locks aplenty!

Item → Growtokens Shades
Item → It's all about the Growtokens, Growtokens, Growtokens!

Item → Neon Live Sign
Item → Design by JonVince, winner of our "Design a Block" contest in celebration of Growtopia's 10th Anniversary!

Item → Carrot Lance
Item → Crafted to be the sharpest vegetable on the market, the Carrot Lance is said to be the strongest blade there is!

Item → Wholly Egg Grenades
Item → Go on a quest with Buddy Cobra and the Wholly Grail!

Item → Big Fluffin' Giga-Ears
Item → Hop with these BFG-Ears!

Item → Easter Viking Cape
Item → Whosoever wears the cape, if they be worthy, shall posses the power!

Item → Rabbit in a Tutu
Item → This fancy rabbit is super fond of carrots and even does tricks depending on what you do just to get one of them!

Item → Bunny Beanie
Item → Look at this hippin' hoppin' beanie!

Item → Bunny Onesie
Item → Become one with the bunny!

Item → Top Carrot Cut
Item → Be the Top Carrot with this sick haircut!

Item → Egg Antennae Hat
Item → An egg-cellent headband if I do say so myself!

Item → Sunnyside Yolkfall
Item → Smooth smooth Sunnyside Yolkfalls!

Item → Easter Deggcorations
Item → There's a party goin' on right here with... with deggcorations!

Item → Bouncy Boxed Boiled Egg
Item → Jump on this bouncy boxed boiled egg!

Item → Carrot Checkpoint
Item → Check out this dancing carrot!

Item → Mess-Egg from the Past
Item → Send a message to your future self with a Mess-Egg from the Past!

Item → Showman's Mantle
Item → The perfect costume to give the stage presence that every performer needs.

Item → World Owner Blingin' Chain
Item → Walk around the hood with this shining bling!

Item → Royal World Owner Blingin' Chain
Item → Walk around the hood with this shining bling! The royal edition graces you with a trail of colours, showing everyone that you rule this world!

Item → Bamboo Scythe
Item → Carved from the most shocking plant in the forest, the bam-boo!. Chosen by PandaSchrute, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for March, 2023!

Item → Sgt. Stubs
Item → The most loyal of first mates a captain could ever wish for! Make it so number 1!

Item → Laser Light
Item → Search the night skys with this super powerful laser light. It's so powerful you can only have 10 in your world at the same time.

Item → Hype Train
Item → All aboard the hype train WOOO WHOOOOooo!

Item → Angelic Aura
Item → Let your angelic attributes shine through! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until September 1st, 2023.

Item → Healing Beam
Item → Field medic reporting for duty! Send those blocks back to their maker...

Item → Action Hero Helicopter
Item → Make a scene like a true action hero! Every grand entrance and excessive explosion is a must!

Item → Royal Action Hero Helicopter
Item → Make a scene like a true action hero! Every grand entrance and excessive explosion is a must! With an attack helicopter from the royal marine corp you can take it to the next level. Yippee-kay-yay...

Item → Time Gauntlet
Item → Look like a cool agent of time and space with this futuristic gauntlet. Chosen by Spisi, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for April, 2023!

Item → Golden Fairy Light Wings
Item → Not only do these golden wings let you fly, they also light up and sparkle as you make your way across town!

Item → Macho Mustache
Item → Punch to put on the most macho mustache you've ever seen!

Item → Chili Con Charme
Item → Become fast and furious with the burning power of the Chili Con Charme!

Item → Aztec Crown
Item → Can you hit with all the colours of the wind?!

Item → Avocado Advocate
Item → Become Avocados at Law to represent your clients!

Item → Volcanic Pauldrons
Item → Armored pauldrons with the power of an active Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Aquatic Volcanic Pauldrons
Item → Armored pauldrons with the power of an active Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Aquatic Volcanic Cape
Item → A cape with the power of an Aquatic Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Aquatic Volcanic Wings
Item → A pair of wings with the power of an Aquatic Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Puerto Growtopia House - Blue
Item → Build your own Puerto Growtopia House!

Item → Puerto Growtopia House - Yellow
Item → Build your own Puerto Growtopia House!

Item → Nacho Fidget Spinner
Item → This, my friend, is a magical combination of corn flour, dehydrated cheese solids, BHA, BHT, and good old MSG; a.k.a. The Chip, Nacho Cheese Flavor!

Item → Totem Pole
Item → Stack heads on top of each other with this Totem Pole!

Item → Growchimilco Boat
Item → Take a break on the lovely Growchimilco Boats!

Item → Cactus Pot Block
Item → You don't want to punch this cactus! It'll get angry and you won't like it when its angry!

Item → Serape Shirt
Item → Wear this amazing striped shirt!

Item → Tehuana Dress
Item → Wear this beautiful floral dress!

Item → Sleeved Poncho
Item → Wear this comfortable sleeved poncho!

Item → Red Volcanic Hat
Item → A lava-ly hat which represents support for the red team!

Item → Blue Volcanic Hat
Item → A lava-ly hat which represents support for the blue team!

Item → Spirit Wings
Item → Rule the spirit world with these wings!

Item → Royal Spirit Wings
Item → Rule the spirit world with these Royal wings!

Item → Silk Face Scarf
Item → Hide your beauty in this lovely face scarf.

Item → Toga
Item → From the greatest philosophers to the simplest frat boys this robe suites all. A piece of clothing that indicates status and wealth.

Item → Candy Jar
Item → Perfect for every sweet tooths pantry or a dentist's reception.

Item → Unicorn Wallpaper
Item → If you can't have a unicorn in your life, why not put them on the walls? Goes perfectly with some Clouds Wallpaper and enjoy them from the comfort of your own home!

Item → Healing Station Checkpoint
Item → Every good battle field needs one of these. Remember, if you die, you'll respawn at the last checkpoint you touched!

Item → Friendly Donkey Block
Item → A friendly little donkey to watch over you. Chosen by Acne, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for May, 2023!

Item → Black Tie Baller Hat
Item → From rags to riches, show off just how far you've come with this ballin' black tie hat.

Item → Black Tie Baller Monocle
Item → From rags to riches, show off just how far you've come with this ballin' black tie monocle.

Item → Black Tie Baller Coat
Item → From rags to riches, show off just how far you've come with this ballin' black tie coat.

Item → Black Tie Baller Pants
Item → From rags to riches, show off just how far you've come with these ballin' black tie pants.

Item → Black Tie Baller Shoes
Item → From rags to riches, show off just how far you've come with these ballin' black tie shoes.

Item → Black Tie Baller Cane
Item → Make a statement and let everyone know that you are totally rollin' in it with this 2.4 karat gold cane. Just don't mention the decimal like a pro.

Item → Pineapple Bussin' Sword
Item → This sword is absolutely bussin' for real!

Item → Kiwi Bussin' Sword
Item → This sword is absolutely bussin' for real!

Item → Papaya Bussin' Sword
Item → This sword is absolutely bussin' for real!

Item → Watermelon Bussin' Sword
Item → This sword is absolutely bussin' for real!

Item → Dragon Fruit Bussin' Sword
Item → This sword is absolutely bussin' for real!

Item → Porcupineapple Pair
Item → Journey with a pair of pineapple porcupines.

Item → Fruit Brigade
Item → Charge to tropical victory with your own Fruit Brigade!

Item → Dragon Fruit Dragon
Item → Learn how to train your dragon fruit with this tropical beast.

Item → Pineapple Pizza Piece
Item → Nothing beats a pineapple pizza! Stack 'em up and create the largest dough you can!

Item → Loop of Fruits
Item → Check out this spinning citrus circle!

Item → Maddening Mandarin
Item → This mandarin used to be a content creator on GrowTube that people found really annoying!

Item → Banana Onesie
Item → Peel the presence of this potassium poncho!

Item → Fresh Watermelon Block
Item → It's Fresh! Fresh! Exciting!

Item → Watermelon Block
Item → It's ripe for placing in worlds!

Item → Fresh Papaya Block
Item → It's Fresh! Fresh! Exciting!

Item → Papaya Block
Item → It's ripe for placing in worlds!

Item → Fresh Kiwi Block
Item → It's Fresh! Fresh! Exciting!

Item → Kiwi Block
Item → It's ripe for placing in worlds!

Item → Fresh Dragon Fruit Block
Item → It's Fresh! Fresh! Exciting!

Item → Dragon Fruit Block
Item → It's ripe for placing in worlds!

Item → Fresh Pineapple Block
Item → It's Fresh! Fresh! Exciting!

Item → Fruit Warrior Hair - Pineapple Clan
Item → Represent the Pineapple Clan with this Fruit Warrior Hair!

Item → Fruit Warrior Hair - Dragon Fruit Clan
Item → Represent the Dragon Fruit Clan with this Fruit Warrior Hair!

Item → Fruit Warrior Hair - Kiwi Clan
Item → Represent the Kiwi Clan with this Fruit Warrior Hair!

Item → Fruit Warrior Hair - Papaya Clan
Item → Represent the Papaya Clan with this Fruit Warrior Hair!

Item → Fruit Warrior Hair - Watermelon Clan
Item → Represent the Watermelon Clan with this Fruit Warrior Hair!

Item → Watermelon
Item → A tropical fruit brought to Growtopia from a faraway land.

Item → Kiwi
Item → A tropical fruit brought to Growtopia from a faraway land.

Item → Papaya
Item → A tropical fruit brought to Growtopia from a faraway land.

Item → Dragon Fruit
Item → A tropical fruit brought to Growtopia from a faraway land.

Item → Tropical Merchant
Item → A merchant who has traveled a long way, bringing with him tropical fruits!

Item → Super Fruit Mixing Machine
Item → A machine used to mix specific tropical fruits!

Item → Tropical Fruit Crate
Item → A crate filled with a large pile of Tropical Fruits! You are guaranteed to receive a Dragon Fruit from it!

Item → Mighty Anchor
Item → A weapon from beyond the sea, its "shore" to bring you treasure!

Item → Royal Mighty Anchor
Item → A weapon from beyond the sea, its "shore" to bring you treasure! The royal version of it was forged from the rarest golds known to man!

Item → Happy Popsicle Mask
Item → A sweet look for the summer! Chosen by windowshop, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for June, 2023!

Item → Legendary Clash Key - Series 6
Item → A key to a mysterious treasure! This key is for Clash Series 6, running from Summer Clash 2023 through Spring Clash 2024. After three seasons, those who collect at least 10 of these keys will be able to open a special treasure chest. Make sure you have enough - just one won't do it!

Item → Fabulous Shades
Item → You're the one! Yeah, you're the star! You're fabulous!

Item → Fabulous Suit
Item → You're the one! Yeah, you're the star! You're fabulous!

Item → Fabulous Ride
Item → You're the one! Yeah, you're the star! You're fabulous!

Item → Neptune's Armor
Item → The shining armor of Neptune himself, let the waves of the ocean bend to your will! Only 500 of them in existence in all of Growtopia!

Item → Fruit Warrior Shirt
Item → Issued by the academy! All members of a Fruit Warrior Clan must wear them!

Item → Fruit Warrior Pants
Item → Issued by the academy! All members of a Fruit Warrior Clan must wear them!

Item → Phoenix Sickles
Item → If you love the smell of fire, these blades are just for you! Strike fear into your enemies with these sick sickles! History accounts that only 500 of these were ever crafted!

Item → Deluxe World Spray
Item → Spray in a world to instantly grow all trees by 24 hours!

Item → Pet Pearl
Item → An adorable sentient pearl! He's scared of fighting!

Item → Pearl Sparkled Shield
Item → Swing your shiny frisbee! Don't worry, it will always come back to you!

Item → Pearl Shark Crown
Item → Summon the power of the Pearl Shark of the Deep with this sharp crown!

Item → Cucumber Eyes
Item → Relax and rest easy as your eyes cool down!

Item → Pearl Floral Lei
Item → Enjoy the summer times! This flower necklace should do the trick!

Item → Pearl Castle Stone
Item → Mortared with pearls, clams and affection, these stones aren't just a monument to beauty and nobility - they're also the building blocks of luxury!

Item → Pearl Castle Stone Background
Item → These stones practically radiate shiny adoration!

Item → Pearl Castle Turret
Item → Stamped with clams and forged with pearls and everlasting care, these turrets will form the top of the shiniest castle yet!

Item → Pearl Moyaimorph
Item → Stand out from the heads of Easter Island with this large pearl costume!

Item → Towel Turban
Item → Cover up that wet hair with this dry towel!

Item → Beach Party Training Ticket
Item → A training ticket for the most exclusive beach party of your life!

Item → Bronze Pearl Chest
Item → What might be inside? Open it and see!

Item → World Cup Winner's Jersey 2022
Item → To make this jersey, we had to steal a sports almanac from the distant future and used it to find the winners of the 2022 World Cup! Vamos, vamos, Argentina!

Item → Sandtopian
Item → Dress up your very own sandtopian with all your favorite clothes. Can't wear pants or shoes obviously!

Item → Wind Surfer
Item → Ride the wind and take the waves with you wherever you go with this sweet wind surfer.

Item → Ultraviolet Sword
Item → This sword is bursting with pure unstable ultraviolet energy, wield it at your own risk! Warning: Ultraviolet Radiation is what causes sunburn. Prolonged exposure is not advised and don't forget to wear your hat and sunscreen.

Item → Leaf Wings
Item → The latest and greatest invetions for travelling ants everywhere!

Item → Leaf Propeller
Item → Have you ever been inspired by the falling seeds of the great green ash tree? Now you can join those graceful seeds as you float through the air.

Item → Playful Popsicle
Item → Take a quick lick before it melts! Oh wait, it must have some permafrost magic coz it's not melting anytime soon.

Item → Summer Face Paint
Item → Blend in with the waves while at the beach!

Item → Sun Headband
Item → Walk around with this sunny headband!

Item → Summer Print Boardshorts
Item → The latest craze in summer fashion! Look cool and feel even cooler in these stylish summer print boardshorts.

Item → Summer Print Shirt
Item → The latest craze in summer fashion! Look cool and feel even cooler in this stylish summer print shirt.

Item → Bouncy Wall
Item → Build your own bouncy obstacle course with these inflatable walls.

Item → Bouncy Turret
Item → Build your own bouncy obstacle course with these inflatable turrets.

Item → Slippers in Sand
Item → Place these lovely slippers in the sand!

Item → Sand Bucket
Item → Place this lovely bucket in the sand!

Item → null_item13630
Item → Soulbinder
Item → Recite the incantations from the Soulbinder which works in tandem with an enchanted charm to trap the souls of its victims! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until December 1st, 2023.

Item → Axolotl Bucket Hat
Item → The cutest of bucket hats around. Chosen by yiN, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for July, 2023!

Item → Steampunk Lock
Item → The future is now! Feast your eyes on the technological marvel that is the Steampunk era!

Item → Lembuswana Trident
Item → The Lembuswana Trident is a symbol of power and nobility of a King, protecting citizens from harm and creating a prosperous city!

Item → Weather Machine - Realm of Spirits
Item → Travel to the Realm of Spirits! A land filled with the souls of the lost! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until December 21st, 2023.

Item → Mythical Lembuswana
Item → This creature symbolizes the power and bravery of the King! The Lembuswana's trunk is a symbol of intelligence!

Item → Scarlet Rider's Bike
Item → Drive the bike of the Scarlet Rider and bring justice to your foes!

Item → Bamboo Arc
Item → A wonderful work of bamboo architecture!

Item → Bamboo Bridge
Item → A wonderful work of bamboo architecture!

Item → Lembuswana Crown
Item → The crown of the brave Lembuswana!

Item → Lembuswana Mask
Item → A mask of the brave Lembuswana!

Item → Lembuswana Chestplate
Item → The chestplate of the brave Lembuswana!

Item → Lembuswana Tunic
Item → The tunic of the brave Lembuswana!

Item → Lembuswana Feet
Item → The feet of the brave Lembuswana!

Item → Lembuswana Statue
Item → A statue of the brave Lembuswana!

Item → Pocong Statue
Item → A statue of the supernatural being covered in a shroud!

Item → Sacred Temple
Item → This ancient temple is said to be the Gateway to the Realm of Spirits!

Item → Scarlet Rider's Mask
Item → Henshin into the Scarlet Rider with the mask of the hero himself!

Item → Scarlet Rider's Armor
Item → Henshin into the Scarlet Rider with the armor of the hero himself!

Item → Scarlet Rider's Pants
Item → Henshin into the Scarlet Rider with the pants of the hero himself!

Item → Scarlet Rider's Boots
Item → Henshin into the Scarlet Rider with the boots of the hero himself!

Item → Neon Creator Block
Item → Tick tock, it's time to light up your world with the Neon Creator Block!

Item → Designer Swag Shades
Item → Cool sunglasses for cool videos!

Item → Designer Swag Shirt
Item → A cool shirt for cool videos!

Item → Eldritch Flame Aura
Item → Burn with blue aura of the eldritch flame!

Item → Flare Fedora
Item → Flame on with this dapper fedora!

Item → Riding Toilet
Item → Speed around in your personal toilet!

Item → Scarf of Prometheus
Item → Fuel yourself with fiery force of the blazing sun!

Item → School Bag
Item → Filled with all the supplies needed for any class!

Item → Weather Machine - Black Hole
Item → Evade the pulling force of the final form of the Sun!

Item → Wings of Dune
Item → Summon the sands of an alien planet with Wings of Dune!

Item → Yellow Umbrella
Item → You can stand under this umbrella!

Item → Hot Dog Hat
Item → This dawg is keeping it real!

Item → Pet Doodle
Item → Walk around the world with your personal doodle! What an inspired drawing!

Item → Pet Moyaimorph
Item → This dumb dumb ate your gum gum!

Item → Pet Platypus
Item → Hmmm... I wonder if this pet is a secret agent?

Item → Pet Stinky Onion
Item → Onions are like ogres! They may stink but they have layers!

Item → Pet Twin Cherries
Item → These cherries are identical!

Item → Crown of Chaos
Item → Don the possessed crown!

Item → Dark Magic Katana
Item → This is a katana that's got your back! I would advise not get hit by it, the blade traps the souls of its victims!

Item → Dirt Lord's Scepter
Item → Plant seeds with soil and strife, rid this block of its life!

Item → Hyperlight Wings
Item → Soar into the skies at warp speed! These wings were engineered to shine in the gloomiest worlds!

Item → Soundwave Helm
Item → Blast to some sick beats with your own Soundwave Helm!

Item → Royal Soundwave Helm
Item → Blast to some sick beats with your own Royal Soundwave Helm! The royal edition was engineered for the most lavish individuals!

Item → Remove Favorites
Item → Make space for more favorite items.

Item → Anime Bowtail
Item → The coolest anime hairstyle there is!

Item → Dark Denim Jacket
Item → Look like you came out of an anime straight from the 90s with this hairstyle!

Item → Death Top Stompers
Item → Stomp with the face of fear on your feet!

Item → Denim Shorts
Item → Look like you came out of an anime straight from the 90s with these shorts!

Item → Diamond Lock Mask
Item → A diamond mask in the rough!

Item → Distinguished Straw Hat
Item → A crown for the King of the Pirates!

Item → Engineer's Goggles
Item → A pair of goggles made for engineers!

Item → Engineer's Helmet
Item → A helmet made for engineers!

Item → Fez
Item → A traditional cap that shares its name with the city it originates from.

Item → Fisherman's Overalls
Item → A perfect look for fishing!

Item → Glitter Block - Gold
Item → A block that had glitter dropped all over it!

Item → Glitter Block - Pink
Item → A block that had glitter dropped all over it!

Item → Glitter Block - Silver
Item → A block that had glitter dropped all over it!

Item → Granite Block - Blue
Item → An igneous rock perfect for building!

Item → Granite Block - Green
Item → An igneous rock perfect for building!

Item → Granite Block - Red
Item → An igneous rock perfect for building!

Item → Jujutsu Hair
Item → Become a trained sorcerer!

Item → Jujutsu Pants
Item → Become a trained sorcerer!

Item → Jujutsu Scarf
Item → Become a trained sorcerer!

Item → Jujutsu Shirt
Item → Become a trained sorcerer!

Item → Jujutsu Shoes
Item → Become a trained sorcerer!

Item → Kitty Headphones
Item → Look like you're ready to stream with a RGB gaming set up with these Kitty Headphones!

Item → Koala Hood
Item → Dress up as a bear that's just not like the others... cause it doesn't meet the koala-fications!

Item → Mossy Mask
Item → A mossy hard shell mask with a dramatic look!

Item → Nerd Sweater
Item → Goes perfect with a calculator and a notebook.

Item → Pirate Bandana - Black
Item → You are a pirate, you don't do anything!

Item → Pirate Bandana - Blue
Item → You are a pirate, you don't do anything!

Item → Pirate Bandana - Red
Item → You are a pirate, you don't do anything!

Item → Prisoner Cap
Item → A criminal look!

Item → Prisoner Suit
Item → A criminal look!

Item → Raccoon Hood
Item → Dress up as a trash panda and guard the galaxy!

Item → Roughed-up Anime Hair
Item → Look like you came out of an anime straight from the 90s with this sick hairstyle!

Item → Star Night Hoodie
Item → Look like a sky full of stars with this sick hoodie!

Item → Stone Mask
Item → A hard shell mask with a dramatic look!

Item → Stylish Sunglasses
Item → For when you're just too cool!

Item → That 70's Jacket
Item → A jacket straight out of 70's!

Item → That 70's Pants
Item → A pair of pants straight out of 70's!

Item → The Chosen One Hair
Item → Bring peace, freedom, justice and security to your new empire!

Item → The Chosen One Pants
Item → Bring peace, freedom, justice and security to your new empire!

Item → The Chosen One Robes
Item → Bring peace, freedom, justice and security to your new empire!

Item → World Lock Neon Sign
Item → A glowing neon sign that looks like a World Lock.

Item → Camera Log - Enter
Item → An icon for the Camera Log.

Item → Camera Log - Exit
Item → An icon for the Camera Log.

Item → Camera Log - Pickup
Item → An icon for the Camera Log.

Item → Camera Log - Dropped
Item → An icon for the Camera Log.

Item → Camera Log - Vending Machine
Item → An icon for the Camera Log.

Item → Favorites
Item → An icon for favorites.

Item → Trade-Scan
Item → A database of items in Growtopia that are being traded in the economy.

Item → Trade-Scan Credit
Item → Credits to be used for the Trade-Scan.

Item → Ghost Hunter's Crate
Item → A crate filled with a large pile of tools to hunt the other worldly!

Item → Tabby Cat Slippers
Item → Meow! No kittens were harmed in the making of these slippers! Chosen by Rionic, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for August, 2023!

Item → Aurorasaurus Rex
Item → Get on the floor and walk the dinosaur!

Item → Royal Aurorasaurus Rex
Item → Get on the floor and walk the dinosaur! The spikes on the royal beast strikes fear into its enemies!

Item → Soul Harvester's Scythe
Item → Harvest the souls of the block and guide them to the afterlife. To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 1st, 2024.

Item → Mantle of Chang'e
Item → A mantle that pairs perfectly with a kimono. When combined, gives an awesome magical power of the moon.

Item → Balance Mooncake Pet
Item → The harvest moon has brought this traditional food item to life.

Item → Koi Lantern Kite
Item → Light the darkness with this friendly looking lantern.

Item → Lion Dancer Cape - Red
Item → Become the embodiment of courage when you don this cape and join the dance.

Item → Lion Dancer Cape - Golden
Item → Become the embodiment of liveliness when you don this cape and join the dance.

Item → Lion Dancer Cape - Green
Item → Become the embodiment of friendship when you don this cape and join the dance.

Item → Balance Shrub
Item → Yo, you're gonna want this shrub! A shrub is a plant that can get some love from you! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Balance Mooncake.

Item → Purity Shrub
Item → Yo, you're gonna want this shrub! A shrub is a plant that can get some love from you! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Purity Mooncake.

Item → Courage Shrub
Item → Yo, you're gonna want this shrub! A shrub is a plant that can get some love from you! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Courage Mooncake.

Item → Decorative Shrine
Item → Many of these are usually placed in the middle of koi ponds! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Longevity Mooncake.

Item → Floating Lotus Flower
Item → Forget your past and become addicted to the sweet nectar of the Lotus Flower! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have a chance of dropping a Songpyeon.

Item → Pebbles Block
Item → From a yabba dabba doo time! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Peace Mooncake.

Item → Pebbles Background
Item → From a yabba dabba doo time! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Prosperity Mooncake.

Item → Stone Block
Item → From the modern stone age! A very fast-growing seed that only grows under the harvest moon. When harvested the trees have an increased chance of dropping a Harmony Mooncake.

Item → Moon Hair Pin
Item → A crescent hair pin perfect for any hair!

Item → Prince Hair
Item → Look like a Prince from ancient times with this distinguished hairstyle!

Item → Princess Hair
Item → Look like a Princess from ancient times with this distinguished hairstyle!

Item → Lion Dancer Feet - Golden
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Pants - Golden
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Shirt - Golden
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Mask - Golden
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Feet - Red
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Pants - Red
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Shirt - Red
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Mask - Red
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Feet - Green
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Pants - Green
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Shirt - Green
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Lion Dancer Mask - Green
Item → Bring good luck and fortune as you mimic the movements of a lion!

Item → Harvest Seed Crate
Item → A crate filled with a large pile of seeds for HarvestFest!

Item → Courage Mooncake
Item → This pastry is filled with a sweet lotus paste. "Courage" is imprinted on the top in ancient Growtopian script.

Item → Basim
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Basim, a tactical genius often several moves ahead, or perhaps playing a different game entirely! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 1st, 2024.

Item → Connor
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Connor, fight for freedom as you secure liberty for your people and your nation! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 1st, 2024.

Item → Kassandra
Item → Assassin's Creed! Take the form of Kassandra, uncover the truth about your mysterious past as you embark on an epic journey! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 1st, 2024.

Item → Petals of Purity
Item → Channel the lifeforce of nature and bring yourself good health!

Item → Royal Petals of Purity
Item → Channel the lifeforce of nature and bring yourself good health!

Item → Rebel Shades
Item → Look like a rebel with this pencil behind your ear! Chosen by Demogorgon, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for September, 2023!

Item → Basim's Hood
Item → Look like the tactical genius, Basim, with this hood!

Item → Basim's Beard
Item → Look like the tactical genius, Basim, with this beard!

Item → Basim's Vest
Item → Look like the tactical genius, Basim, with this vest!

Item → Basim's Trousers
Item → Look like the tactical genius, Basim, with these trousers!

Item → Basim's Boots
Item → Look like the tactical genius, Basim, with these boots!

Item → Connor's Hood
Item → Look like the freedom fighter, Connor, with this hood!

Item → Connor's Vest
Item → Look like the freedom fighter, Connor, with this vest!

Item → Connor's Trousers
Item → Look like the freedom fighter, Connor, with these trousers!

Item → Connor's Boots
Item → Look like the freedom fighter, Connor, with these boots!

Item → Kassandra's Hair
Item → Look like the Eagle Bearer, Kassandra, with this hair!

Item → Kassandra's Armor
Item → Look like the Eagle Bearer, Kassandra, with this armor!

Item → Kassandra's Skirt
Item → Look like the Eagle Bearer, Kassandra, with these skirt!

Item → Kassandra's Sandals
Item → Look like the Eagle Bearer, Kassandra, with these sandals!

Item → Cosmic Force
Item → Channel a marvelous power given to you by the universe!

Item → Heart of Diamond Crown
Item → Let the beauty of this crown shine upon you!

Item → Crack-a-lackin Kraken
Item → Rock and roll this crack-a-lackin kraken yo-yo!

Item → Soaring Beast
Item → Take flight as this majestic bird lifts you to new peaks! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 16th, 2024.

Item → Soulforge Wings
Item → Light the way with the power of the Soulforge Wings!

Item → Synthwave Shoes
Item → Step to the beat with these sick shoes! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until February 16th, 2024.

Item → Tornado Aura
Item → Spin around the world with your personal tornado! The colour of the tornado changes to match your pants!

Item → Heart of Diamond Dress
Item → Let the beauty of this dress shine upon you!

Item → Cosmic Force Armor
Item → Channel a marvelous armor given to you by the universe!

Item → Crack-a-lackin Helm
Item → Rock the look of this crack-a-lackin kraken yo!

Item → Synthwave Shades
Item → Step to the beat with these sick shades!

Item → Soulforge Hair
Item → Look lit with the style of the Soulforge Hair!

Item → Tornado Block
Item → Fall around the world with your personal tornado wind!

Item → Soaring Beast's Nest
Item → Take care of the majestic bird's little eggs!

Item → null_item13958
Item → Soaring Set Squares
Item → These angle wings will let you take to the skies with mathematical precision!

Item → Creepy Chocolatier's Cane
Item → Hold this cane and you'll be in a world full of pure imagination!

Item → Dark King's Crown
Item → There's something strange and it don't feel good! Who you gonna call?

Item → Monster Koach
Item → It's creepy and It's kooky, mysterious and spooky!

Item → Scorched Wings
Item → Not only do these wings let you fly, but you can also burn them!

Item → Spooky Stained Glass Scepter
Item → A scepter that's smug, sharp, scary!

Item → Candlehead Hat
Item → This hat is on fire!

Item → Gates Motel Sign
Item → Only a psycho would live here!

Item → Creepy Chocolatier's Cut
Item → Wear this wig and you'll be in a world full of pure imagination!

Item → Creepy Chocolatier's Hat
Item → Wear this hat and you'll be in a world full of pure imagination!

Item → Creepy Chocolatier's Robe
Item → Wear this suit and you'll be in a world full of pure imagination!

Item → Creepy Chocolatier's Shoes
Item → Wear these shoes and you'll be in a world full of pure imagination!

Item → Creepy Chocolatier's Spectacles
Item → Wear these spectacles and you'll be in a world full of pure imagination!

Item → Dashing Devil Mask
Item → Let hell be your domain as you look like Lucifer himself!

Item → Handsome Vampire Hair
Item → You know what I am... say it!

Item → Haunted Puzzle Box
Item → Legends say that you can summon macabre creatures with this intricate cube!

Item → Kooky Checkpoint
Item → Don't step on this grave or else the dead will bring you back to them!

Item → Elder Sigil
Item → This mystical item will teleport you directly into the gaping maw of Growganoth as many times you want for a short period. You must be in the GROWGANOTH world in order to use this item!

Item → Mimic Chest
Item → Trick you friends by placing this treasure chest around the world!

Item → Stinky Ogre Ears
Item → Get out of my swamp!

Item → Stone Demon Statue
Item → Moved here from The Big Apple! I wonder if this comes to life at night?

Item → Cereal Thriller
Item → Moved here from The Big Apple! I wonder if this comes to life at night?

Item → Bloodmoon Wings
Item → Release the power of a Total Lunar Eclipse with the Bloodmoon Wings!

Item → Royal Bloodmoon Wings
Item → Release the power of a Total Lunar Eclipse with the Bloodmoon Wings! The royal variants belonged to the edgiest Growtopian!

Item → Twisted Horns
Item → These horns have grown out of pure evil! Chosen by UnlimitedTigers, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for October, 2023!

Item → Greatest Swordsman's Third Blade
Item → Equip yourself with this blade as you go on a journey to fulfill your promise to become the World's Greatest Swordsman!

Item → Greatest Swordsman's Hair
Item → Equip yourself with this wig as you go on a journey to fulfill your promise to become the World's Greatest Swordsman!

Item → Greatest Swordsman's Kimono
Item → Equip yourself with this kimono as you go on a journey to fulfill your promise to become the World's Greatest Swordsman!

Item → Greatest Swordsman's Cloak
Item → Equip yourself with this cloak as you go on a journey to fulfill your promise to become the World's Greatest Swordsman!

Item → Greatest Swordsman's Dual Wield
Item → Equip yourself with this pair of blades as you go on a journey to fulfill your promise to become the World's Greatest Swordsman!

Item → Greatest Swordsman's Sandals
Item → Equip yourself with this pair of shoes as you go on a journey to fulfill your promise to become the World's Greatest Swordsman!

Item → Black Big Fluffin' Giga-Ears
Item → Hop with these black BFG-Ears!

Item → Black Blingin' Board
Item → Soar with the silver! Leave a trail of bling behind you!

Item → Black Ultraviolet Sword
Item → The new black edition of this sword is bursting with pure unstable ultraviolet energy, wield it at your own risk! Warning: Ultraviolet Radiation is what causes sunburn. Prolonged exposure is not advised and don't forget to wear your hat and sunscreen.

Item → Shadow Soul
Item → Become a knight of the night with the soul of the shadow!

Item → Chest of Wonders
Item → A chest filled with wonder!

Item → Weather Machine - Rainin' Gems
Item → It's Rainin' Gems! Hallelujah!

Item → Black Calavera Skull
Item → Celebrate the flash sales with this sweet Black Calavera Skull!

Item → Derpy Black Box Pet
Item → Looks like your Black Box came to life!

Item → Edgy Anime Robe
Item → Legends say this belonged to an angel who only had a single wing!

Item → Grow Daft Helmet
Item → The perfect helmet to wear when making some sick electronic music!

Item → Sale Television
Item → Want to sell some stuff to others! Place this in your world to let others know you're doing business!

Item → Vortex Skirt
Item → A Black Friday exclusive skirt! If you've ever wanted a skirt with a sort of vortex effect on it, then you're in luck!

Item → Feathered Polearm
Item → A blade plucked out of the big bird himself!

Item → Floating Throne
Item → A house divided against itself... is not as cool as this!

Item → Band Leader's Baton
Item → Everyone marches to the beat of your drum, you drum master you...

Item → Feathered Scarf
Item → Birds of a feather, flock together!

Item → Marching Band Hat
Item → Follow the leader, leader, leader!

Item → Marching Band Jacket
Item → Follow the leader, leader, leader!

Item → Marching Band Pants
Item → Follow the leader, leader, leader!

Item → Pie Crust Wallpaper
Item → So, build, build, this wallpaper pie!

Item → Turkey Crest Mohawke
Item → Become one with the bird with this haircut!

Item → Turkey Dinner Flag
Item → Come on board and eat along!

Item → Turkey Fish Leash
Item → Is it a bird? Is it a fish? Is it... both?!

Item → Beastformer!
Item → Become one with this mechanical mount and transform into a primal mecha!

Item → Royal Beastformer!
Item → Become one with this mechanical mount and transform into a primal mecha! The royal breed of the beast is made out of a rare material not found in Growtopia!

Item → Axe of Ragnarok
Item → Free blocks from this plane of existence with this freezing axe!

Item → Traditional Thawb
Item → Wear this traditional garment! Chosen by 30I, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for November, 2023!

Item → Chilled Chucks
Item → Slide through the world with these slippery cold feet!

Item → Crown of S'mores
Item → Heat things up with the lit Crown of S'mores!

Item → Diamond Moyaimorph
Item → Stand out from the other heads of Easter Island with this large diamond costume!

Item → Freeze Ray
Item → Whether you're a doctor or a captain, you always got to have a cryo-blaster!

Item → null_item14084
Item → Infinity Aura
Item → Reach power levels over 9000 with the energy of the Infinity Aura! Wrench this aura to change its various features to make it your own! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until April 15th, 2024.

Item → Mantle of Deepest Winter
Item → The ice glows bright on the mantle tonight!

Item → null_item14090
Item → Snowglobe Staff
Item → Let them know its WinterFest time again! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until April 19th, 2024.

Item → Weather Machine - Holiday Haven
Item → Spend the holidays at this Winter Lodge and admire the views at this golden hour!

Item → Bauble Buntings
Item → Decorate your world with a row of baubles.

Item → Big Bauble
Item → Decorate your world with colorful baubles.

Item → Carol Mutton Chops
Item → Goes great with bah humburgers!

Item → Ghost of WinterFest Present Robe
Item → A robe worn by a jolly big ghost!

Item → Ice King's Crown
Item → The perfect crown for someone who loves royalty!

Item → Santa's Spectacles
Item → You better watch out, he's coming to town!

Item → Three French Hen
Item → My true love gave this to me on the third day of Christmas! Along with Two Turtle Doves and a Partridge in a Pear Tree!

Item → WinterFest Garland
Item → Decorate your world with these garlands and spread the festivities!

Item → WinterFest Royal Hair
Item → Hair fit for a prince of the northern isles!

Item → WinterFest Royal Pants
Item → A pair of pants fit for a prince of the northern isles!

Item → WinterFest Royal Shawl
Item → A shawl perfect for a princess who has been let out for the first time in forever!

Item → WinterFest Royal Shirt
Item → A shirt perfect for a princess who has been let out for the first time in forever!

Item → WinterFest Royal Shoes
Item → A pair of shoes fit for a prince of the northern isles!

Item → WinterFest Royal Skirt
Item → A skirt perfect for a princess who has been let out for the first time in forever!

Item → WinterFest Royal Suit
Item → A suit fit for a prince of the northern isles!

Item → WinterFest Royal Twintails
Item → Hair perfect for a princess who has been let out for the first time in forever!

Item → Diamond Celtic Wheel
Item → A diamond wheel from ancient times.

Item → Diamond Decorative Shrine
Item → Many of the less shiny version of these are usually placed in the middle of koi ponds!

Item → Diamond Deggcorations
Item → There's a party goin' on right here with... with diamond deggcorations!

Item → Diamond Loop of Fruits
Item → Check out this spinning diamond citrus circle!

Item → Diamond Maneki-neko
Item → A shiny kitty that shall bring you good fortune!

Item → Winterfest Calendar - 2023
Item → A wonderful Winterfest Calendar for 2023, jam-packed with joy and gifts to celebrate the holidays. Make sure to check back each day to get a new gift! ...or just wait and open them all in one go! Either way, it's a blast! WARNING! DO NOT BREAK! The Winterfest Calendar will not return to your backpack if broken!

Item → Used Winterfest Calendar - 2023
Item → Winterfest 2023 was a bright and beautiful season, and this calendar marked the occasion with joy and gifts! Now that it's empty, you won't be getting any more presents, but it can still be used as a lovely decoration.

Item → Snowglobe Head
Item → It's snowing in here!

Item → Sparkling Sticks
Item → Set off sparks wherever you go with these Sparkling Sticks!

Item → Astral Crest
Item → Summon the corona aurora by channeling the energy of the Astral Crest!

Item → Royal Astral Crest
Item → Summon the lunar aurora by channeling the energy of the Royal Astral Crest!

Item → Mid-Pacific Owl Mask
Item → The perfect mask for pulling an all-nighter! Chosen by Caviared, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for December, 2023!

Item → Party Wagon
Item → Ride around town on your very own Party Wagon and shoot those rockets high!

Item → Confetti Popper
Item → Come on and celebrate good times with this Confetti Popper!

Item → Disco Head
Item → Dominate the dance floor with this Disco Head!

Item → Crabbitz's Golden Crab Claw
Item → Be shiny!!! Like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck! Sponsored by Crabbitz for completing all epic quests!

Item → erwinher's Saijo O Wazamono
Item → Wield one of the highest quality blades in the world! Sponsored by erwinher for completing all epic quests!

Item → 11th Anniversary Block
Item → ELEVEN YEARS! Let's keep the party going throughout the year. So, as a thank you for your continued support, please join us in celebrating this amazing achievement with this gamer block!

Item → Ballroom Party Chair
Item → Need a break from the party? Take a seat!

Item → Candle Cake Crown
Item → Be one with the cake!

Item → Disco Dude's Mullet
Item → You can tell by the way you style your hair, you're a disco dude, no time to talk!

Item → Disco Dude's Shades
Item → You can tell by the way you wear those shades, you're a disco dude, no time to talk!

Item → Disco Dude's Jacket
Item → You can tell by the way you wear those clothes, you're a disco dude, no time to talk!

Item → Disco Dude's Pants
Item → You can tell by the way you wear those clothes, you're a disco dude, no time to talk!

Item → Disco Dude's Shoes
Item → You can tell by the way you wear those shoes, you're a disco dude, no time to talk!

Item → Glitter Pillow Trampoline
Item → The glittered pillow is really bouncy!

Item → Neon Party House
Item → Party rockers in the house tonight!

Item → Neon Party House Roof
Item → Party rockers in the house tonight!

Item → WOTD Trophy 2024
Item → The best of all possible trophies in 2024.

Item → Party Animal Title
Item → An exclusive title given to only the greatest party people at the Anniversary Event!

Item → 2024 - Zodiac Year of the Dragon
Item → Growtopians born in the Year of the Dragon are confident, intelligent and enthusiastic. They are known to be faithful for those around them. Harvesting Fortune Cookie & Lucky Fortune Cookie trees with this item equipped gives a chance of twice the yield.

Item → Draconic Spirit Mount
Item → Ride atop the majesty of the Draconic Spirit Mount and raise to the skies with his raging fury! There are only 500 in existence!

Item → Fireworks Mohawk
Item → Look lit with this fire haircut!

Item → Mythic Azure Crown
Item → Summon the power of the Azure Dragon of the East with this glorious crown!

Item → Raijin's Taiko
Item → Channel the force of Raijin and summon the power of the master of thunder with his deadly drums!

Item → Bamboo Hat
Item → This hat is said to belong to a panda that was proficient in Kung Fu!

Item → Dragon Teapot
Item → A teapot consumed by dragons.

Item → Great Horned Hair
Item → Ram into battle with the horns of the Bull Demon King!

Item → Lunar Food Cart
Item → Serve out some festive dishes with your own food cart!

Item → Que Stone Pillar
Item → A freestanding, ceremonial gate tower that is centuries years old!

Item → Scaled Shirt
Item → A shirt made out of the scales of the last dragon!

Item → Ta Couch
Item → This ancient furniture has been passed down through generations and can finally be used by Growtopians not made of stone!

Item → Year of the Dragon Lucky Token
Item → Legend says these will link your world to the realm of the ancients, where great gods of chance watch over us. Perhaps if you add this to your world, they will bless you with a small piece of their vast fortunes...

Item → Year of the Dragon Mask
Item → The dragon is the fifth of the zodiac animals. Limited only to the Year of the Dragon! Myth has it, that the order of the Zodiac Animals, was determined by a race. The dragon placed fifth and was immediately noticed by the Jade Emperor!!

Item → Year of The Dragon Statue
Item → A statue of the zodiac dragon! Growtopians born in the Year of the Dragon are confident, intelligent and enthusiastic.

Item → Dragon Warrior Cape
Item → A cape used by a Dragon Warrior!

Item → Rocket Lance
Item → Prepare for trouble and make it double with your Rocket Lance!

Item → Royal Rocket Lance
Item → Prepare for trouble and make it double with your Rocket Lance! Protect the world from devastation with the royal version!

Item → Half Kakuja Mask
Item → Haunt the cities of a popular city with this ghoulish mask! Chosen by Fencey, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for January, 2024!

Item → Raijin's Blessing Icon
Item → An icon of the Master of Thunder himself!

Item → null_item14228
Item → Bridal Dress with Train
Item → Here comes the bride!

Item → Mobile Suit Wings
Item → With this item you can finally be the love machine you always wanted to be!

Item → Golden Mobile Suit Wings
Item → With this item you can finally be the love machine you always wanted to be!

Item → Harp of Love
Item → Love surely is in the air whenever one plays the harp!

Item → Lace Parasol
Item → Being in love can make your head spin like a parasol!

Item → Pet Mech Robot
Item → This cute little mech is powered by pure love essences. Gives a small increase in the chance of getting a Golden Heart Crystal when opening Golden Booty Chests, Super Golden Booty Chests and Heartstones.

Item → Groom's Coat
Item → Wanna be a well-groomed person? Why not wear a groom's jacket? 

Item → Half Up Hairstyle
Item → So many hours to get it looking like this but it's SO WORTH IT.

Item → Heart Cookies
Item → They go straight to your heart (but in a good way)! 

Item → Lost Valentine
Item → Love can be found... but that means it can also be lost...

Item → Heart Lights
Item → Light up your room like you light up my heart. These lights can do both.

Item → Romantic Pic-Nic Basket
Item → Hey hey hey, Boo Boo! Nothing more romantic than a pic-a-nic basket.

Item → Growmoji Shy Mask
Item → A totally non-creepy mask to give those facial muscles a rest when you want everyone to know you are feeling like totally Shy all day!

Item → null_item14256
Item → Dual Spears of Diarmuid
Item → Wield the spears of Diarmuid, an ancient hero!

Item → Enbarr, The Flowing Mane
Item → Ride an ancient horse that's swifter than wind-speed!

Item → Hair of Fionn
Item → Wear the hair of the warrior of legends!

Item → Merrow's Tail
Item → Flip your fins and get very far with this Merrow's Tail! The colour of the tail changes depending on what pair of pants is equipped!

Item → The Enfield
Item → Befriend a beast that has the head of a fox, chest of a greyhound, talons of an eagle, body of a lion and hind legs and tail of a wolf.

Item → Brawling Brute Beard
Item → Wear the beard of the brawling brute!

Item → Chain Quilt Background
Item → Set up a pattern of this chain quilt!

Item → Harp Monument
Item → A statue of a Rising Monument!

Item → The Enfield's Tail
Item → A tail from a very old tale!

Item → Tunic of Fionn
Item → Wear the tunic of the warrior of legends!

Item → Student Hero Gloves
Item → Learn what it takes to be a hero with these super gloves!

Item → Student Hero Hair
Item → Learn what it takes to be a hero with this super hair!

Item → Student Hero Suit
Item → Learn what it takes to be a hero with this super suit!

Item → Student Hero Pants
Item → Learn what it takes to be a hero with these super pants!

Item → Student Hero Shoes
Item → Learn what it takes to be a hero with these super shoes!

Item → Celestial Tendrils
Item → Release an angelic force with this celestial power!

Item → Royal Celestial Tendrils
Item → Release an angelic force with this celestial power! The royal variant was blessed by the elders!

Item → Bullfrog
Item → Captain Laserhawk: A Blood Dragon Remix! This little assassin works in the dark to serve the light!

Item → Captain Laserhawk's Eye
Item → Captain Laserhawk: A Blood Dragon Remix! Become a supersolider modified by the Eden Tech Military and lead the Ghosts on a covert mission!

Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising Lock
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Explore the Golden Isle and discover a beautiful and vibrant fantasy world!

Item → Jade's Dai-Jo Staff
Item → Beyond Good & Evil! Battle against the forces of conspiracy with Jade's Dai-Jo Staff! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until August 1st, 2024.

Item → Mecha Sharkjira
Item → Hungry Shark World! Created by the Glutwell corporation, Mecha Sharkjira is on a mission to destroy all previous apex hungry sharks! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until August 1st, 2024.

Item → Qays & Layla
Item → Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown! Dash into a thrilling adventure as the sword-wielding prodigy Sargon with his swords!

Item → Sargon's Bandolier
Item → Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown! Dash into a thrilling adventure as the sword-wielding prodigy Sargon with his bandolier!

Item → Captain Laserhawk's Arm
Item → Captain Laserhawk: A Blood Dragon Remix! Become a supersolider modified by the Eden Tech Military and lead the Ghosts on a covert mission!

Item → Captain Laserhawk's Hair
Item → Captain Laserhawk: A Blood Dragon Remix! Become a supersolider modified by the Eden Tech Military and lead the Ghosts on a covert mission!

Item → Captain Laserhawk's Shirt
Item → Captain Laserhawk: A Blood Dragon Remix! Become a supersolider modified by the Eden Tech Military and lead the Ghosts on a covert mission!

Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising - Athena Statue
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Explore the Golden Isle and discover a beautiful and vibrant fantasy world with the Athena Statue!

Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising - Eternal Spring Column
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Explore the Golden Isle and discover a beautiful and vibrant fantasy world with the Eternal Spring Column!

Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising - Eternal Spring Mountain
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Explore the Golden Isle and discover a beautiful and vibrant fantasy world with the Eternal Spring Mountain!

Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising - Eternal Spring Topiary
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Explore the Golden Isle and discover a beautiful and vibrant fantasy world with the Eternal Spring Topiary!

Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising - Eternal Spring Torch
Item → Immortals Fenyx Rising! Explore the Golden Isle and discover a beautiful and vibrant fantasy world with the Eternal Spring Torch!

Item → Jade's Hair and Headband
Item → Beyond Good & Evil! Battle against the forces of conspiracy with Jade's Hair and Headband!

Item → Jade's Jacket
Item → Beyond Good & Evil! Battle against the forces of conspiracy with Jade's Hair Jacket!

Item → Jade's Jeans
Item → Beyond Good & Evil! Battle against the forces of conspiracy with Jade's Hair Jeans!

Item → Sargon's Boots
Item → Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown! Dash into a thrilling adventure as the sword-wielding prodigy Sargon with his boots!

Item → Sargon's Hair
Item → Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown! Dash into a thrilling adventure as the sword-wielding prodigy Sargon with his hair!

Item → Sargon's Trousers
Item → Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown! Dash into a thrilling adventure as the sword-wielding prodigy Sargon with his trousers!

Item → Growtronic Glider
Item → Spread the love with the beauty of the Growtronic Glider!

Item → Royal Growtronic Glider
Item → Bring forth terror with the force of the Royal Growtronic Glider!

Item → Balloon Backpack
Item → It's over Buddy, I have the high ground!

Item → Bunny Mouth
Item → Eh... what's up bud?

Item → Hatched Dancer
Item → Dance with your newly hatched chick!

Item → Parade Float
Item → Can't do an Easter Parade without your very own float!

Item → Smashin' Pot
Item → Throw this out a window to get rid of demons!

Item → Benedict Bouncepad
Item → I like my eggs... benedict!

Item → Carrot Earrings
Item → You know what they say about carrots... they help you look better!

Item → Kulich
Item → A tasty traditional Easter dessert!

Item → Marzipan Top Hat
Item → This traditional sweet for Easter makes a sweet top hat!

Item → Pysanka Block
Item → A magnificent monument in the shape of an egg!

Item → Prismatic Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of March 2024!

Item → Prismatic Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of March 2024!

Item → null_item14362
Item → null_item14364
Item → null_item14366
Item → null_item14368
Item → null_item14370
Item → null_item14372
Item → null_item14374
Item → null_item14376
Item → null_item14378
Item → Fierce Wingman Blades
Item → Look like the edgy anti-hero with the blades of the Fierce Wingman!

Item → Fierce Wingman Goggles
Item → Look like the edgy anti-hero with the goggles of the Fierce Wingman!

Item → Fierce Wingman Hair
Item → Look like the edgy anti-hero with the hair of the Fierce Wingman!

Item → Fierce Wingman Jacket
Item → Look like the edgy anti-hero with the jacket of the Fierce Wingman!

Item → Fierce Wingman Trousers
Item → Look like the edgy anti-hero with the pants of the Fierce Wingman!

Item → Fierce Wingman Wings
Item → Look like the edgy anti-hero with the wings of the Fierce Wingman!

Item → Kawaii Musician Twintails
Item → Wear the twintails of the Kawaii Musician!

Item → Kawaii Musician Shirt
Item → Wear the shirt of the Kawaii Musician!

Item → Kawaii Musician Skirt
Item → Wear the skirt of the Kawaii Musician!

Item → Kawaii Musician Sleeves
Item → Wear the sleeves of the Kawaii Musician!

Item → Digital Ninja Mask
Item → There's nothing cooler than having a digital ninja mask with the number zero on it! Chosen by Porkfit, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for February, 2024.!

Item → Dumb Daily Bonus Icon
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Roles Icon
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Dumb Grow Pass Leaderboard Icon
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Gold Grow Royal of the Month Title
Item → Show off your pride with this epic title. Awarded for placing 1st in the Grow Pass Leaderboard. Only lasts for the month and then will be handed over to the next victor.

Item → Silver Grow Royal of the Month Title
Item → Show off your pride with this epic title. Awarded for placing 2nd in the Grow Pass Leaderboard. Only lasts for the month and then will be handed over to the next victor.

Item → Bronze Grow Royal of the Month Title
Item → Show off your pride with this epic title. Awarded for placing 3rd in the Grow Pass Leaderboard. Only lasts for the month and then will be handed over to the next victor.

Item → Galaxy Skin
Item → Become one with the stars with the Galaxy Skin!

Item → Angel and Devil
Item → Let your guardian angel and inner demon help make decisions for you! Equip it and watch them persuading you... either blessing you with an improved chance of dropping an additional block when breaking blocks or corrupting you with an improved chance of dropping extra gems! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until September 1st, 2024.

Item → Buster Brush
Item → Mark your territory as you ink the world in your design!

Item → Dirt Aura
Item → If you love dirt, you got to surround yourself with a whole bunch of it!

Item → Heli-Cap-tor
Item → Grow to new heights with this helicopter cap!

Item → Stage Fog
Item → You can't perform on stage without smoke at your feet, it adds to the edge factor! Paint this block to change the colour of the smoke!

Item → Candy Brick Wall
Item → A witch told me to follow the Candy Brick Wall! Hopefully not to get me fat and eat me.

Item → Cardboard Sea Surfer
Item → There once was a ship that put to sea, the name of the ship was the Buddy O'Tea!

Item → Peanutty Professor
Item → We all need a friend in medicine by our side, even if he is a bit of a nutcase.

Item → Unicorn Mask
Item → Taste the rainbow!

Item → Designer Swag Headset
Item → A cool headset for cool videos!

Item → Designer Swag Shoes
Item → Cool shoes for cool videos!

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 1
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 2
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 3
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 4
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 5
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 6
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 7
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 8
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 9
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 10
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 11
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 12
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 13
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 14
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 15
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 16
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 17
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 18
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 19
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 20
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 21
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 22
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 23
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 24
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo 25
Item → Part of the UbiWeek Scavenger Hunt Logo.

Item → Ice Hockey Helmet
Item → Break the ice with your very own Hockey Helmet! Chosen by Jayfeeq, this is the Monthly Subscriber's Item for March, 2024.

Item → Shiny Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of April 2024!

Item → Shiny Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of April 2024!

Item → Volcanic Crown
Item → A crown with the power of an active Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Aquatic Volcanic Crown
Item → A crown with the power of an Aquatic Volcano! There are 48 active volcanoes in Mexico which have inspired literature, art and myths for as long as time itself. Obtained through the Volcanic Battle during Cinco De Mayo!

Item → Red Volcanic Armor
Item → Destroy Ultra Pinatas with this burning armor to show your support for the red team!

Item → Blue Volcanic Armor
Item → Destroy Ultra Pinatas with this burning armor to show your support for the blue team!

Item → Cactus Horns
Item → You know what they say about how you are what you drink... you must have drank a lot of cactus juice!

Item → Fiesta Candles
Item → Light up your casita with these beautiful candles!

Item → Fiesta Cape
Item → A perfect cape for celebrations!

Item → Prickly Pet
Item → It never hurts to have a Prickly Pet by your side, even if it is a cactus!

Item → Taco Mohawk
Item → The hairstyle to taco bout!

Item → Swag Streamer Shirt
Item → A cool shirt for cool streams!

Item → Rating Star Icon Gold
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Rating Star Icon Blue
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Classy Comic's Acid Flower
Item → The flower will surely make you... stranger!

Item → Classy Comic's Hair
Item → This wig will surely make you... stranger!

Item → Classy Comic's Smile
Item → This smile will surely make you... stranger!

Item → Classy Comic's Suit
Item → This suit will surely make you... stranger!

Item → Classy Comic's Pants
Item → These pants will surely make you... stranger!

Item → Classy Comic's Shoes
Item → These shoes will surely make you... stranger!

Item → Barbell
Item → Who do you think you are, tough guy?! Chosen by DamRob, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for April, 2024!

Item → Beautiful Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of May 2024!

Item → Beautiful Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of May 2024!

Item → Enchanted Lock
Item → Travel to a land of old and live in the middle of an Enchanted Kingdom!

Item → Royal Enchanted Lock
Item → Travel to a land of old and live in the middle of an Enchanted Kingdom! Rave in the beauty of the gems, exclusive to the Royal Enchanted Lock!

Item → Piggy Bank Icon
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Pile of Gems Icon
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Stack of Gems Icon
Item → Not used, it's just an icon.

Item → Horned Crown
Item → Crown yourself with the horns of center-earth!

Item → Royal Horned Crown
Item → Crown yourself with the horns of center-earth! The royal variant has been bestowed upon you by their majesties!

Item → Dragon Fruit Dragon Wings
Item → Rampage through the Kingdom of Tropical Fruits with your very own Dragon Fruit Dragon Wings!

Item → Kiwi Jetpack
Item → Get juiced up with the sweet nectar of the Kiwi Jetpack!

Item → Mixed Fruit Bender
Item → A long time ago, the fruit academy worked together in harmony. But, everything changed when the vegetables attacked. Only the Mixed Fruit Benders, capable of bending all the fruits, could stop them, but when the world needed them most, they vanished. The Tropical Merchant has discovered that Growtopians have the skill to learn Mixed Fruit Bending and while they have much to learn, he believes they can save the world!

Item → Papaya Surfboard
Item → Ride waves with this tasty fruit!!

Item → Watermelon Chunkzooka
Item → This watermelon is big, this watermelon is chunky!

Item → Dragon Fruit Hair
Item → Nothing better than red hair and green highlights!

Item → Kiwi Kiwi Pet
Item → Rumors say that this animal can be found in a land on the opposite side of Old Aealand.

Item → Kiwi Koala Ears
Item → I believe these ears meet the koala-fications, even if they are made of fruit!

Item → Majestic Pineapple Cape
Item → Your majesty... may this cape bring you good fortune!

Item → Papaya Puppy Pet
Item → Meet the Pup Aya, the pet papaya!

Item → Pineapple Conure
Item → A bird that scientists actually refer to as a Pineapple!

Item → Watermelon Dress
Item → A sweet dress for a sweet person!

Item → Wrecked Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of June 2024!

Item → Wrecked Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of June 2024!

Item → Cat Bucket Hat
Item → What's new kitty cat? Woah, Woah! Chosen by Mreow, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for May, 2024!

Item → Pearl Treasured Octopus
Item → Maybe the real treasure was the Octopus we met along the way!

Item → Burning Pearl Spinner
Item → Dance with the spinning flames of Burning Pearl!

Item → Curse of the Pink Pearl
Item → Have you heard the Curse of the Pink Pearl? I thought not, it's not a story that Buddy would tell!

Item → Primal Spirit
Item → Everything the light touches belongs to you with the support of the Primal Spirit!

Item → Royal Primal Spirit
Item → Everything the light touches belongs to you with the support of the Primal Spirit! The Royal Primal Spirit basks in its gold glory!

Item → Fresh Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of July 2024!

Item → Fresh Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of July 2024!

Item → Red Itak
Item → Hack through the banana palms with your own personal Itak, now in red! Chosen by texxs, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for June, 2024!

Item → Beach Aura
Item → Summer days drifting away!

Item → Neptune's Weather Machine - Atlantis
Item → Bring back the lost underwater city of Atlantis with Neptune's Weather Machine! Only 500 of this item will ever be available!

Item → Phoenix Mantle
Item → Rise from the ashes of defeat with the burning fury of the Phoenix Mantle! History accounts that only 500 of these were ever crafted!

Item → Seaside Sun Hat
Item → Here comes the sun, doo-doo-doo-doo!

Item → Ultraviolet Wings
Item → The Growtopian Eye has evolved to see more of the light spectrum than some creatures, which allows them to see these beautiful Ultraviolet Wings. Warning: Ultraviolet Radiation is what causes sunburn. Prolonged exposure is not advised and don't forget to wear your hat and sunscreen.

Item → Body Tattoos
Item → Stand out from the crowd with your very own Body Tattoos!

Item → Crab Claws
Item → Move side to side with these crab claws! Watch out, they're sharp!

Item → Crab Hood
Item → Move side to side with this sharp lookin' crab hood! Watch out, they're watching!

Item → Crab Shell
Item → Move side to side with this spiky crab shell! Watch out, they're sharp!

Item → Summer Drip Shirt
Item → Take it easy under the sun in your Summer Drip!

Item → Summer Drip Shorts
Item → Take it easy under the sun in your Summer Drip!

Item → Swimming Cap
Item → Under the sea, under the sea!

Item → Swimming Goggles
Item → Under the sea, under the sea!

Item → Arcane Armor
Item → Conjure the mystic arts with this piece of armor bestowed upon you from the Arcane lords!

Item → Royal Arcane Armor
Item → Conjure the mystic arts with this piece of armor bestowed upon you from the Arcane lords! The Royal version was granted to those who have become masters of the mystic arts!

Item → Contestant Cap
Item → I want to be the best there ever was! Defeat all the rest yeah that's my cause.

Item → Celestial Belt
Item → Decide whether you should use your skills for good or evil with the Celestial Belt!

Item → Lightning Lord's Trousers
Item → Shine bright with the force of the Lightning Lord's Trousers!

Item → Wings of Ahool
Item → Don the wings of a creature who has sightings reported deep within the jungles of Eastern Growtopia! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until December 12th, 2024.

Item → Ears of Ahool
Item → Don the ears of a creature who has sightings reported deep within the jungles of Eastern Growtopia!

Item → Mask of Ahool
Item → Don the mask of a creature who has sightings reported deep within the jungles of Eastern Growtopia!

Item → Body of Ahool
Item → Don the body of a creature who has sightings reported deep within the jungles of Eastern Growtopia!

Item → Feet of Ahool
Item → Don the feet of a creature who has sightings reported deep within the jungles of Eastern Growtopia!

Item → Celestial Hair
Item → Decide whether you should use your skills for good or evil with the Celestial Hair!

Item → Celestial Circlet
Item → Decide whether you should use your skills for good or evil with the Celestial Circlet!

Item → Celestial Shirt
Item → Decide whether you should use your skills for good or evil with the Celestial Shirt!

Item → Celestial Trousers
Item → Decide whether you should use your skills for good or evil with the Celestial Trousers!

Item → Celestial Boots
Item → Decide whether you should use your skills for good or evil with the Celestial Boots!

Item → Lightning Lord's Cap
Item → Shine bright with the force of the Lightning Lord's Cap!

Item → Lightning Lord's Mask
Item → Shine bright with the force of the Lightning Lord's Mask!

Item → Lightning Lord's Suit
Item → Shine bright with the force of the Lightning Lord's Suit!

Item → Lightning Lord's Boots
Item → Shine bright with the force of the Lightning Lord's Boots!

Item → Legendary Clash Key - Series 7
Item → A key to a mysterious treasure! This key is for Clash Series 7, running from Summer Clash 2024 through Spring Clash 2025. After three seasons, those who collect at least 10 of these keys will be able to open a special treasure chest. Make sure you have enough - just one won't do it!

Item → Operating Table
Item → Lay on this Operating Table and one of our doctors will see to you as soon as possible. The Reception Desk will send Surg-E Patients to these Operating Tables on a regular basis, failure to cure the Surg-E Patient in time will result in a failed surgery and the hospital's rating being reduced as a result.

Item → Aura of Zen
Item → Be at peace with the Aura of Zen and emit good health and positivity.

Item → Auto Surgeon Station
Item → AI has really advanced! Now you can have surgeries without a Growtopian surgeon!

Item → Reception Desk
Item → Everything happening at the hospital goes through the reception desk who is always happy to help!

Item → Doctor's Lab Coat
Item → Some say the clothes make the man. Not in this case, please be board certified before seeing any patients.

Item → First Aid Kit
Item → Having one of these on hand is always handy, you never know when you might need it!

Item → Head Mirror
Item → Low tech but still tremendously reliable.

Item → Joyful Nurse Cap
Item → This cap will show that you can heal people back to full health!

Item → Hospital Chair
Item → A chair crafted with the purpose of being sat on for hours and hours. Somehow not very comfortable.

Item → Think Tank Head
Item → Show that you have a big brain with this Think Tank Head!

Item → Anatomy Chart
Item → Takes a big brain to understand a big brain!

Item → Food Chart
Item → An apple a day keeps the doctor away!

Item → Hospital Sign
Item → A sign reading: "Here to help, one patient at a time."

Item → Hospital Trolley
Item → Made for transporting tools and not racing through hallways. Well, maybe some racing.

Item → Wall Sanitizer
Item → Remember, keep your hands clean.

Item → null_item14692
Item → null_item14694
Item → null_item14696
Item → null_item14698
Item → null_item14700
Item → null_item14702
Item → null_item14704
Item → null_item14706
Item → sSpark's Paintin' Backpack
Item → Jump up, kick back, paint around, and spin! Sponsored by sSpark for completing all epic quests! Paint not included.

Item → null_item14710
Item → Runic Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of August 2024!

Item → Runic Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of August 2024!

Item → Aurora Scarf
Item → Stand out from the crowd with the many colours of the Aurora Scarf! Chosen by oku, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for July, 2024!

Item → Legs of Ahool
Item → Don the legs of a creature who has sightings reported deep within the jungles of Eastern Growtopia.

Item → CyberCycle
Item → Drive into high speeds with this technology from the future!

Item → Royal CyberWings
Item → Drive into high speeds with this technology from the future! Take to the skies with the motorized wings!

Item → Mechanical Wrench Decoration
Item → A wrench decoration for the Royal Grow Pass of September 2024!

Item → Mechanical Wrench Style
Item → A wrench style for the Royal Grow Pass of September 2024!

Item → Cute Bonnet
Item → Look stylish with this classic headwear! Chosen by Parseee, this is the Monthly Subscriber's item for August, 2024!

Item → null_item14730
Item → null_item14732
Item → null_item14734
Item → null_item14736
Item → null_item14738
Item → null_item14740
Item → null_item14742
Item → null_item14744
Item → null_item14746
Item → null_item14748
Item → null_item14750
Item → null_item14752
Item → null_item14754
Item → null_item14756
Item → null_item14758
Item → null_item14760
Item → null_item14762
Item → null_item14764
Item → null_item14766
Item → null_item14768
Item → null_item14770
Item → null_item14772
Item → null_item14774
Item → null_item14776
Item → null_item14778
Item → null_item14780
Item → null_item14782
Item → null_item14784
Item → null_item14786
Item → null_item14788
Item → null_item14790
Item → null_item14792
Item → Axed Tree
Item → Cursed to be locked into this tree for all time, always! To avoid refund fraud, this item has been made untradeable until January 23rd, 2025.

Item → Scarecrow's Chains
Item → These chains once belonged to a doctor, he later became a theoretical physicist!

Item → Soaring Cropduster
Item → Take to the skies with this agricultural aircraft! I've heard it's been used for races and firefighting before!

Item → Twilight Aura
Item → It's almost twilight, time for breaking dawn!

Item → Weather Machine - Pinuski's Petal Purrfect Haven
Item → This world's get them cherry blossom trees, prints with the purr! Sponsored by Pinuski for completing all epic quests!

Item → Kaamatan Dress
Item → A traditional dress for the Kaamatan Harvest Festival!

Item → Kaamatan Shirt
Item → A traditional shirt for the Kaamatan Harvest Festival!

Item → Lohri Drum
Item → Can't have a festival without drums!

Item → Pongal Vase
Item → A vase filled to the brim with Pongal!

Item → Sheaf of Wheat
Item → A Sheaf of Wheat... need I say more?

Item → Sinuangga
Item → Wear the Sinuangga, perfect for any festival!

Item → Sweet Corn Pet
Item → It's so adorable! Just look at it!
